-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      name:  <unnamed>
       log:  /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/DraftFiles/output/logs/pdd_PGE_p
> fe_1k.txt
  log type:  text
 opened on:  13 Nov 2017, 12:29:37

. set linesize 255

. 
. global hedonics "lnsqft _X* _Dage_bin* _Duse*"

.  
. use if insample == 1 & random_id < 1.01 using $ddir/generated_data/dd_regdata, clear

.         replace km_to_ng =  km_to_ng_nodistr
(987,965 real changes made)

.         replace km_to_anyPGEng = km_to_ng_nodistr_pge
(763,505 real changes made)

.         replace ft_to_ng =  ft_to_ng_nodistr
(978,752 real changes made)

.         replace ft_to_anyPGEng = ft_to_ng_nodistr_pge
(759,482 real changes made)

.     keep if gasutility == "PGE"
(2,454,021 observations deleted)

.     keep if ft_to_ng <= 4000
(535,810 observations deleted)

.  
. capture drop _T* PGE

. do $ddir/analysis/pdd_prep_distance_defs_pfe.do

. *define this in a separate do file so i can rerun the same code 
. *after droping distribution lines in other files
. 
. gen PGEpipe = cond(km_to_ng == km_to_anyPGEng,1,0)

. gen PGEterr = (gasutility == "PGE")

. * Note: in current approach, all PGE pipe is in PGE territory, but there are some houses closest to non-PGE pipe
. * That is PGEpipe == 1 => PGEterr == 1 but not the converse
. 
. replace period = "PostCrash" if period == "Pre" & sr_date_transfer > (td(09sept2010) - 450)
(0 real changes made)

. 
. /*NAMING CONVENTION
> _T*_PERIOD_DISTANCE_PGE
> T - DENOTES HOW DISTANCE IS SPECIFIED (IE 2K OR 660 FOOT BINS)
> 
> - SO TO RUN WITH PROPERTY FES, SPECIFY _T*_EXP AND _T*_LET
> ---- FOR CROSS SECTION, ONLY NEED _T*
> */
. 
. *1000 FOOT BIN REG SETUP
. cap drop bin1k 

. cap drop _T1k* 

. global blist 2000 1000

. gen bin1k = 9999

. foreach b in $blist {
  2.         replace bin1k = `b' if ft_to_ng < `b'
  3. }
(544,490 real changes made)
(287,485 real changes made)

. 
. * Period main effect (mostly picked up by month FE?)
. gen _T1k_pre = period == "Pre"

. label var _T1k_pre "Pre"

. gen _T1k_exp = period == "PostExp"

. label var _T1k_exp "SanBruno"

. gen _T1k_let = period == "PostLetter"

. label var _T1k_let "Letter"

. 
. * Bin-related variables
. foreach b in $blist {
  2.     * main effect in and out of PGE by bin
.         gen _T1k_bin_`b' = bin1k == `b'
  3.         label var _T1k_bin_`b' "`b'ft"
  4. 
.     * explosion period by bin
.         gen _T1k_pre_`b' = period == "Pre" & bin1k == `b'
  5.         label var _T1k_pre_`b' "Pre-`b'ft"
  6. 
.     * explosion period by bin
.         gen _T1k_exp_`b' = period == "PostExp" & bin1k == `b'
  7.         label var _T1k_exp_`b' "PostExp-`b'ft"
  8. 
.     * letter period in and out of PGE by bin
.         gen _T1k_let_`b' = period == "PostLetter" & bin1k == `b'
  9.         label var _T1k_let_`b' "PostLetter-`b'ft"
 10.         
. }

. 
. 
. 
end of do-file

.  
. * For flexible time trends, split pre-period into bubble and crash
.         gen trendsegs = 0

.         replace trendsegs = 1 if sr_date_transfer > td(31dec2006)
(256,416 real changes made)

.         replace trendsegs = 2 if period == "PostCrash"
(64,122 real changes made)

.         replace trendsegs = 3 if period == "PostExp"
(28,800 real changes made)

.         replace trendsegs = 4 if period == "PostLetter" 
(52,204 real changes made)

. 
.     * Keep only houses with multiple transactions in sample
.     bys sr_property_id: gen insample_trans = _N

.     keep if insample_trans > 1
(414,641 observations deleted)

. 
. * Tract FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(census_tract mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(converged in 6 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    509,859
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  36,   1836) =     765.53
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.8634
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.8629
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.4612
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,837    Root MSE        =     0.2552

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,837 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_pre |  -255474.6   9.09e+08    -0.00   1.000    -1.78e+09    1.78e+09
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0171408   .0127615    -1.34   0.179    -.0421694    .0078878
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0178602   .0069916    -2.55   0.011    -.0315725   -.0041479
  _T1k_pre_2000 |   .0052454   .0072855     0.72   0.472    -.0090433    .0195342
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0027033   .0067478     0.40   0.689    -.0105308    .0159375
  _T1k_let_2000 |   .0013875   .0063125     0.22   0.826    -.0109929    .0137678
  _T1k_bin_1000 |   -.036947   .0092176    -4.01   0.000     -.055025    -.018869
  _T1k_pre_1000 |   .0146814   .0096302     1.52   0.128    -.0042058    .0335687
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0013823   .0072318    -0.19   0.848    -.0155658    .0128012
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0103617   .0069005     1.50   0.133    -.0031721    .0238954
         lnsqft |   .5317252    .007843    67.80   0.000     .5163431    .5471073
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0704686   .0117671    -5.99   0.000    -.0935469   -.0473903
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0581584   .0113733    -5.11   0.000    -.0804644   -.0358524
     _Xrbaths_3 |   -.050072   .0116182    -4.31   0.000    -.0728584   -.0272857
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.0419911   .0131732    -3.19   0.001    -.0678271    -.016155
     _Xrbaths_5 |  -.0703414   .0213833    -3.29   0.001    -.1122795   -.0284032
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |   .0506196   .0146366     3.46   0.001     .0219136    .0793257
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0855864   .0078617    10.89   0.000     .0701676    .1010051
   _Xbedrooms_3 |     .11481   .0092483    12.41   0.000     .0966718    .1329482
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .1013026   .0099805    10.15   0.000     .0817282     .120877
   _Xbedrooms_5 |   .0869034   .0110138     7.89   0.000     .0653024    .1085043
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0696352   .0033088    21.05   0.000     .0631459    .0761246
       _Xgarage |   .0390649   .0036909    10.58   0.000      .031826    .0463038
    _Dage_bin_0 |   .1385215   .0074858    18.50   0.000     .1238399     .153203
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .0784669   .0062155    12.62   0.000     .0662767    .0906572
   _Dage_bin_20 |   .0084665   .0057984     1.46   0.144    -.0029056    .0198386
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0177456   .0051203    -3.47   0.001    -.0277877   -.0077035
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.0057552   .0041277    -1.39   0.163    -.0138506    .0023403
   _Dage_bin_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__1 |   .2962059   .0063198    46.87   0.000     .2838112    .3086006
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |   .2090445   .0103533    20.19   0.000      .188739      .22935
  _Duse_code__4 |   .1528662    .020247     7.55   0.000     .1131566    .1925758
 distress_cat_1 |   .5539455   .0141696    39.09   0.000     .5261553    .5817357
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .6380328   .0143828    44.36   0.000     .6098244    .6662412
 distress_cat_6 |   .2696269   .0147071    18.33   0.000     .2407825    .2984713
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |   .3635575   .0144905    25.09   0.000     .3351378    .3919772
 distress_cat_9 |    .590551   .0141818    41.64   0.000     .5627369    .6183651
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
------------------------------------------------------------------+
    Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
----------------+-------------------------------------------------|
   census_tract |            0            1837           1837 *   | 
    mo_post_exp |          199             200              1     | 
------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est1 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr"

. estadd local pfes "N" , replace

added macro:
               e(pfes) : "N"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_Tr, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_pfe_1k_Tr.ster saved

. 
. * Property FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( sr_property_id mo_post_exp ) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(converged in 10 iterations)
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_bin_2000 omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_bin_1000 omitted because of collinearity
note: lnsqft omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xpool omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xgarage omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_8 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    509,859
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  18,   1836) =     223.38
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9336
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.8826
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.1208
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,837    Root MSE        =     0.2361

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,837 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_pre |   361932.1   3.32e+08     0.00   0.999    -6.51e+08    6.52e+08
       _T1k_exp |   .0041499   .0159907     0.26   0.795    -.0272119    .0355116
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_bin_2000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_pre_2000 |   .0075885    .008394     0.90   0.366    -.0088742    .0240512
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0029461    .008387     0.35   0.725     -.013503    .0193952
  _T1k_let_2000 |   .0036608   .0075481     0.48   0.628     -.011143    .0184646
  _T1k_bin_1000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_pre_1000 |   .0187793   .0110446     1.70   0.089     -.002882    .0404406
  _T1k_exp_1000 |   .0040297    .008912     0.45   0.651    -.0134491    .0215084
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0074325   .0082937     0.90   0.370    -.0088335    .0236986
         lnsqft |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_2 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_3 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_4 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_3 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_4 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |          0  (omitted)
       _Xgarage |          0  (omitted)
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0411686   .0050528    -8.15   0.000    -.0510784   -.0312587
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.0849832    .008702    -9.77   0.000      -.10205   -.0679164
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.1015222   .0120254    -8.44   0.000    -.1251071   -.0779372
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.0901935    .015366    -5.87   0.000    -.1203301   -.0600569
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.0659403   .0180665    -3.65   0.000    -.1013734   -.0305071
  _Duse_code__1 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .1698162   .0050952    33.33   0.000     .1598232    .1798092
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .2813826   .0060126    46.80   0.000     .2695903    .2931749
 distress_cat_6 |  -.1111157   .0051088   -21.75   0.000    -.1211354   -.1010959
 distress_cat_7 |  -.3334875   .0153464   -21.73   0.000    -.3635857   -.3033893
 distress_cat_8 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_9 |   .2550195   .0060625    42.06   0.000     .2431293    .2669096
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
------------------------------------------------------------------+
    Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
----------------+-------------------------------------------------|
 sr_property_id |            0          221286         221286 *   | 
    mo_post_exp |          199             200              1     | 
------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est2 stored)

. estadd local tfes "" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : ""

. estadd local pfes "Y"

added macro:
               e(pfes) : "Y"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_P, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_pfe_1k_P.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-period FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract#trendsegs mo_post_exp ) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 372 singleton observations)
(converged in 12 iterations)
note: _T1k_pre omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_8 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    509,487
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  34,   1823) =     835.31
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.8817
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.8797
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.4783
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,824    Root MSE        =     0.2389

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,824 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_pre |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0192171   .0051455    -3.73   0.000    -.0293088   -.0091254
  _T1k_pre_2000 |   .0070665   .0043642     1.62   0.106    -.0014929    .0156259
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0017262   .0066638     0.26   0.796    -.0113433    .0147957
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0050848   .0057172    -0.89   0.374    -.0162977    .0061282
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0431348   .0065974    -6.54   0.000    -.0560741   -.0301956
  _T1k_pre_1000 |   .0226183    .005362     4.22   0.000      .012102    .0331347
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0091594    .007569    -1.21   0.226    -.0240042    .0056854
  _T1k_let_1000 |    -.00684   .0062835    -1.09   0.276    -.0191636    .0054835
         lnsqft |   .5353261   .0078869    67.88   0.000     .5198578    .5507945
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0622832   .0113611    -5.48   0.000    -.0845653    -.040001
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0504225   .0109426    -4.61   0.000    -.0718839   -.0289611
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.0422415   .0111732    -3.78   0.000    -.0641552   -.0203279
     _Xrbaths_4 |   -.034382   .0128577    -2.67   0.008    -.0595993   -.0091647
     _Xrbaths_5 |  -.0722034   .0210949    -3.42   0.001    -.1135761   -.0308306
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |  -.0314243    .010549    -2.98   0.003    -.0521137   -.0107348
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.0868253   .0111113    -7.81   0.000    -.1086175    -.065033
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0000738   .0059274     0.01   0.990    -.0115514     .011699
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0295847   .0045293     6.53   0.000     .0207015    .0384679
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0152344   .0035716     4.27   0.000     .0082296    .0222392
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0689683   .0033047    20.87   0.000     .0624868    .0754497
       _Xgarage |    .038682   .0037559    10.30   0.000     .0313157    .0460483
    _Dage_bin_0 |   .1388109   .0076039    18.26   0.000     .1238977    .1537241
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .0779677   .0063683    12.24   0.000     .0654777    .0904577
   _Dage_bin_20 |   .0139902   .0057958     2.41   0.016     .0026231    .0253572
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0110227   .0050854    -2.17   0.030    -.0209964   -.0010489
   _Dage_bin_40 |    -.00927   .0036891    -2.51   0.012    -.0165052   -.0020347
   _Dage_bin_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__1 |   .1472505   .0189956     7.75   0.000      .109995    .1845061
  _Duse_code__2 |  -.1497631   .0202079    -7.41   0.000    -.1893963     -.11013
  _Duse_code__3 |    .056832    .017281     3.29   0.001     .0229392    .0907247
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .1328857   .0035097    37.86   0.000     .1260022    .1397692
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .2059153   .0043241    47.62   0.000     .1974347     .214396
 distress_cat_6 |   -.041389   .0030233   -13.69   0.000    -.0473184   -.0354595
 distress_cat_7 |  -.4410372   .0145154   -30.38   0.000    -.4695058   -.4125686
 distress_cat_8 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_9 |   .1447071   .0038031    38.05   0.000     .1372483     .152166
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
           Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-----------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#trendsegs |            0            8384           8384 *   | 
           mo_post_exp |          199             200              1     | 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est3 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Per" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Per"

. estadd local pfes "N" , replace

added macro:
               e(pfes) : "N"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrPer, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_pfe_1k_TrPer.ster saved

. 
. * Property FE Tract-period FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(sr_property_id census_tract#trendsegs mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 616 singleton observations)
(converged in 29 iterations)
note: _T1k_bin_2000 omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_bin_1000 omitted because of collinearity
note: lnsqft omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xpool omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xgarage omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    509,243
Absorbing 3 HDFE groups                           F(  19,   1817) =     225.51
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9482
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9057
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.0693
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,818    Root MSE        =     0.2116

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,818 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_pre |   -1422.66     685121    -0.00   0.998     -1345130     1342285
       _T1k_exp |   13001.79    2610547     0.00   0.996     -5106987     5132991
       _T1k_let |   6592.934    2376456     0.00   0.998     -4654279     4667465
  _T1k_bin_2000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_pre_2000 |   .0115852   .0049201     2.35   0.019     .0019356    .0212348
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0071846   .0079943     0.90   0.369    -.0084945    .0228636
  _T1k_let_2000 |   .0002302   .0064502     0.04   0.972    -.0124205    .0128808
  _T1k_bin_1000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_pre_1000 |   .0276491   .0060164     4.60   0.000     .0158492     .039449
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0027904   .0088939    -0.31   0.754    -.0202337    .0146529
  _T1k_let_1000 |  -.0074038   .0067707    -1.09   0.274    -.0206829    .0058754
         lnsqft |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_2 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_3 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_4 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_3 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_4 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |          0  (omitted)
       _Xgarage |          0  (omitted)
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0335587   .0041886    -8.01   0.000    -.0417736   -.0253437
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.0591668   .0066761    -8.86   0.000    -.0722604   -.0460732
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0726001   .0094612    -7.67   0.000     -.091156   -.0540442
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.0814934   .0118156    -6.90   0.000     -.104667   -.0583198
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.0531038   .0136479    -3.89   0.000    -.0798711   -.0263366
  _Duse_code__1 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .5178537    .014959    34.62   0.000      .488515    .5471924
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .6298064   .0153558    41.01   0.000     .5996896    .6599233
 distress_cat_6 |   .3822411   .0148789    25.69   0.000     .3530596    .4114226
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |   .4135163   .0151091    27.37   0.000     .3838832    .4431494
 distress_cat_9 |   .5718402   .0153135    37.34   0.000     .5418062    .6018741
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
           Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-----------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
        sr_property_id |            0          221029         221029 *   | 
census_tract#trendsegs |            0            8373           8373 *   | 
           mo_post_exp |          199             200              1     | 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est4 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Per" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Per"

. estadd local pfes "Y" , replace

added macro:
               e(pfes) : "Y"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_PTrPer, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_pfe_1k_PTrPer.ster saved

. 
. * Property FE Tract-period trends, FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(sr_property_id i.census_tract#i.trendsegs##c.sr_date_transfer mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 616 singleton observations)
(converged in 137 iterations)
note: _T1k_bin_2000 omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_bin_1000 omitted because of collinearity
note: lnsqft omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xpool omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xgarage omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    509,243
Absorbing 3 HDFE groups                           F(  19,   1817) =     219.92
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9564
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9181
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.0520
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,818    Root MSE        =     0.1972

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,818 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_pre |    408.417   190625.6     0.00   0.998      -373460    374276.8
       _T1k_exp |   317.2796   160303.1     0.00   0.998    -314080.5    314715.1
       _T1k_let |   1973.763   918565.2     0.00   0.998     -1799581     1803528
  _T1k_bin_2000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_pre_2000 |   .0123492   .0049178     2.51   0.012      .002704    .0219944
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0047319   .0081704     0.58   0.563    -.0112924    .0207562
  _T1k_let_2000 |   .0001875   .0065977     0.03   0.977    -.0127523    .0131273
  _T1k_bin_1000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_pre_1000 |   .0269699   .0060822     4.43   0.000      .015041    .0388988
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0066939   .0088139    -0.76   0.448    -.0239803    .0105926
  _T1k_let_1000 |  -.0090572   .0069201    -1.31   0.191    -.0226294    .0045151
         lnsqft |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_2 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_3 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_4 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_3 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_4 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |          0  (omitted)
       _Xgarage |          0  (omitted)
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0187425   .0030003    -6.25   0.000    -.0246269   -.0128582
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.0392821   .0048218    -8.15   0.000     -.048739   -.0298252
   _Dage_bin_30 |    -.03529   .0066143    -5.34   0.000    -.0482624   -.0223176
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.0301572   .0083308    -3.62   0.000    -.0464962   -.0138183
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.0137138   .0095918    -1.43   0.153     -.032526    .0050984
  _Duse_code__1 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .4683279   .0148118    31.62   0.000     .4392781    .4973778
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .5353066   .0147734    36.23   0.000     .5063319    .5642813
 distress_cat_6 |   .3430842   .0148372    23.12   0.000     .3139844    .3721841
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |   .3571623   .0149745    23.85   0.000     .3277932    .3865314
 distress_cat_9 |   .5026058   .0149232    33.68   0.000     .4733374    .5318743
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
                               Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
                            sr_property_id |            0          221029         221029 *   | 
                    census_tract#trendsegs |            0            8373           8373 *   | 
 census_tract#trendsegs#c.sr_date_transfer |         8371            8373              2 ?   | 
                               mo_post_exp |          199             200              1     | 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
? = number of redundant parameters may be higher
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est5 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Per Trends" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Per Trends"

. estadd local pfes "Y" , replace

added macro:
               e(pfes) : "Y"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_PTrPerTrends, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_pfe_1k_PTrPerTrends.ster saved

. 
. * Property FE Tract-qtr FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(sr_property_id census_tract#qtr_post_exp mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 33196 singleton observations)
(converged in 66 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_bin_2000 omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_bin_1000 omitted because of collinearity
note: lnsqft omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xpool omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xgarage omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    476,663
Absorbing 3 HDFE groups                           F(  18,   1592) =     183.82
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9706
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9270
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.0501
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,593    Root MSE        =     0.1843

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,593 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_pre |   .5335989   978.8206     0.00   1.000    -1919.379    1920.446
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0091837   .0161515    -0.57   0.570    -.0408642    .0224968
  _T1k_bin_2000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_pre_2000 |   .0112946   .0053781     2.10   0.036     .0007457    .0218435
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0088866   .0085684     1.04   0.300    -.0079198    .0256931
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0022002   .0070514    -0.31   0.755    -.0160312    .0116308
  _T1k_bin_1000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_pre_1000 |   .0278441   .0066202     4.21   0.000     .0148587    .0408294
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0048487   .0091582    -0.53   0.597    -.0228121    .0131148
  _T1k_let_1000 |  -.0060585   .0075957    -0.80   0.425    -.0209571    .0088402
         lnsqft |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_2 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_3 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_4 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_3 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_4 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |          0  (omitted)
       _Xgarage |          0  (omitted)
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |   -.013036   .0029024    -4.49   0.000     -.018729    -.007343
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.0303784   .0049018    -6.20   0.000     -.039993   -.0207638
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0183093   .0069128    -2.65   0.008    -.0318683   -.0047502
   _Dage_bin_40 |   -.006792   .0088382    -0.77   0.442    -.0241278    .0105437
   _Dage_bin_50 |   .0131746   .0101737     1.29   0.196    -.0067807    .0331298
  _Duse_code__1 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .4547952   .0156586    29.04   0.000     .4240815    .4855089
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .5054836   .0156222    32.36   0.000     .4748414    .5361259
 distress_cat_6 |   .3321073    .015677    21.18   0.000     .3013575     .362857
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |   .3434924   .0157984    21.74   0.000     .3125044    .3744803
 distress_cat_9 |   .4822923   .0157273    30.67   0.000     .4514439    .5131407
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
              Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
           sr_property_id |            0          207403         207403 *   | 
census_tract#qtr_post_exp |            0           77476          77476 *   | 
              mo_post_exp |          199             200              1     | 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est6 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Q" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Q"

. estadd local pfes "Y" , replace

added macro:
               e(pfes) : "Y"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_PTrQtr, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_pfe_1k_PTrQtr.ster saved

. 
. 
. 
. esttab, keep(_T*) label se starlevels(* 0.10 ** 0.05 *** 0.01)  ///
>         stats(pfes tfes N r2,  ///
>         labels("Property FE" "Other FE" "Observations" "R-Squared")) ///
>         b(a3) nonotes title("$fname") nomtitles

pdd_PGE_pfe_1k
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (1)             (2)             (3)             (4)             (5)             (6)   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pre                     -255474.6        361932.1               0         -1422.7           408.4           0.534   
                     (908578287.8)    (332288679.0)             (.)      (685121.0)      (190625.6)         (978.8)   

SanBruno                        0         0.00415               0         13001.8           317.3               0   
                              (.)        (0.0160)             (.)     (2610547.0)      (160303.1)             (.)   

Letter                    -0.0171               0               0          6592.9          1973.8        -0.00918   
                         (0.0128)             (.)             (.)     (2376455.7)      (918565.2)        (0.0162)   

2000ft                    -0.0179**             0         -0.0192***            0               0               0   
                        (0.00699)             (.)       (0.00515)             (.)             (.)             (.)   

Pre-2000ft                0.00525         0.00759         0.00707          0.0116**        0.0123**        0.0113** 
                        (0.00729)       (0.00839)       (0.00436)       (0.00492)       (0.00492)       (0.00538)   

PostExp-2000ft            0.00270         0.00295         0.00173         0.00718         0.00473         0.00889   
                        (0.00675)       (0.00839)       (0.00666)       (0.00799)       (0.00817)       (0.00857)   

PostLetter-2000ft         0.00139         0.00366        -0.00508        0.000230        0.000188        -0.00220   
                        (0.00631)       (0.00755)       (0.00572)       (0.00645)       (0.00660)       (0.00705)   

1000ft                    -0.0369***            0         -0.0431***            0               0               0   
                        (0.00922)             (.)       (0.00660)             (.)             (.)             (.)   

Pre-1000ft                 0.0147          0.0188*         0.0226***       0.0276***       0.0270***       0.0278***
                        (0.00963)        (0.0110)       (0.00536)       (0.00602)       (0.00608)       (0.00662)   

PostExp-1000ft           -0.00138         0.00403        -0.00916        -0.00279        -0.00669        -0.00485   
                        (0.00723)       (0.00891)       (0.00757)       (0.00889)       (0.00881)       (0.00916)   

PostLetter-1000ft          0.0104         0.00743        -0.00684        -0.00740        -0.00906        -0.00606   
                        (0.00690)       (0.00829)       (0.00628)       (0.00677)       (0.00692)       (0.00760)   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property FE                     N               Y               N               Y               Y               Y   
Other FE                       Tr                          Tr-Per          Tr-Per    Tr-Per Trends            Tr-Q   
Observations               509859          509859          509487          509243          509243          476663   
R-Squared                   0.863           0.934           0.882           0.948           0.956           0.971   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. 
. log close 
      name:  <unnamed>
       log:  /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/DraftFiles/output/logs/pdd_PGE_pfe_1k.txt
  log type:  text
 closed on:  13 Nov 2017, 14:11:57
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
