-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      name:  <unnamed>
       log:  /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/DraftFiles/output/logs/pdd_BayAr
> ea_xs_1k.txt
  log type:  text
 opened on:  13 Nov 2017, 12:29:36

. set linesize 255

. 
. global hedonics "lnsqft _X* _Dage_bin* _Duse*"

. global extrahedonics ""

.  
. use if insample == 1 & random_id < 1.01 using $ddir/generated_data/dd_regdata, clear

.         replace km_to_ng =  km_to_ng_nodistr
(987,965 real changes made)

.         replace km_to_anyPGEng = km_to_ng_nodistr_pge
(763,505 real changes made)

.         replace ft_to_ng =  ft_to_ng_nodistr
(978,752 real changes made)

.         replace ft_to_anyPGEng = ft_to_ng_nodistr_pge
(759,482 real changes made)

.     keep if gasutility == "PGE"
(2,454,021 observations deleted)

.     keep if ft_to_ng <= 4000
(535,810 observations deleted)

.     drop if period == "Pre"
(779,374 observations deleted)

.     keep if inlist(mm_fips_county_name,"SAN MATEO","SANTA CLARA","SAN FRANCISCO","ALAMEDA","CONTRA COSTA","MARIN")
(63,491 observations deleted)

. 
.  
. capture drop _T* PGE

. do $ddir/analysis/pdd_prep_distance_defs.do

. *define this in a separate do file so i can rerun the same code 
. *after dropping distribution lines in other files
. 
. gen PGEpipe = cond(km_to_ng == km_to_anyPGEng,1,0)

. gen PGEterr = (gasutility == "PGE")

. * Note: in current approach, all PGE pipe is in PGE territory, but there are some houses closest to non-PGE pipe
. * That is PGEpipe == 1 => PGEterr == 1 but not the converse
. 
. replace period = "PostCrash" if period == "Pre" & sr_date_transfer > (td(09sept2010) - 450)
(0 real changes made)

. 
. /*NAMING CONVENTION
> _T*_PERIOD_DISTANCE_PGE
> T - DENOTES HOW DISTANCE IS SPECIFIED (IE 2K OR 660 FOOT BINS)
> 
> - SO TO RUN WITH PROPERTY FES, SPECIFY _T*_EXP AND _T*_LET
> ---- FOR CROSS SECTION, ONLY NEED _T*
> */
. 
. *1000 FOOT BIN REG SETUP
. cap drop bin1k 

. cap drop _T1k* 

. global blist 2000 1000

. gen bin1k = 9999

. foreach b in $blist {
  2.         replace bin1k = `b' if ft_to_ng < `b'
  3. }
(51,206 real changes made)
(28,265 real changes made)

. 
. * Period main effect (mostly picked up by month FE?)
. gen _T1k_exp = period == "PostExp"

. label var _T1k_exp "SanBruno"

. gen _T1k_let = period == "PostLetter"

. label var _T1k_let "Letter"

. 
. * Bin-related variables
. foreach b in $blist {
  2.     * main effect in and out of PGE by bin
.         gen _T1k_bin_`b' = bin1k == `b'
  3.         label var _T1k_bin_`b' "`b'ft"
  4. 
.     * explosion period by bin
.         gen _T1k_exp_`b' = period == "PostExp" & bin1k == `b'
  5.         label var _T1k_exp_`b' "PostExp-`b'ft"
  6. 
.     * letter period in and out of PGE by bin
.         gen _T1k_let_`b' = period == "PostLetter" & bin1k == `b'
  7.         label var _T1k_let_`b' "PostLetter-`b'ft"
  8.         
. }

. 
. 
. /* Road bins by period-territory */
. capture drop rbin _RB* 

. global blist 2000 1000

. gen rbin = 9999

. gen ft_to_roads = 3280.84*km_to_roads

. foreach b in $blist {
  2.         replace rbin = `b' if ft_to_roads < `b'
  3. }
(33,084 real changes made)
(16,460 real changes made)

. 
. foreach b in $blist {
  2.     * main effect in and out of PGE by road bin
.         gen _RB_bin_`b' = rbin == `b'
  3.         label var _RB_bin_`b' "Hwy `b'ft"
  4. 
.     * explosion period by road bin
.         gen _RB_exp_`b' = period == "PostExp" & rbin == `b'
  5.         label var _RB_exp_`b' "PostExp- hwy `b'ft"
  6. 
.     * letter period by road bin
.         gen _RB_let_`b' = period == "PostLetter" & rbin == `b'
  7.         label var _RB_let_`b' "PostLetter-hwy `b'ft"
  8.         
. }

. 
. 
. 
end of do-file

.  
. * For flexible time trends, split pre-period into bubble and crash
.         gen trendsegs = 0

.         replace trendsegs = 1 if period == "PostExp"
(16,083 real changes made)

.         replace trendsegs = 2 if period == "PostLetter" 
(29,648 real changes made)

. 
. * Tract FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract mo_post_exp ) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 13 singleton observations)
(converged in 6 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =     81,622
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  33,   1019) =     452.43
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9017
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9004
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6342
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,020    Root MSE        =     0.2219

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,020 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0113916   .0101476    -1.12   0.262    -.0313042     .008521
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0054313   .0055857    -0.97   0.331     -.016392    .0055294
  _T1k_exp_2000 |  -.0073526    .005359    -1.37   0.170    -.0178686    .0031634
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0134731   .0053023    -2.54   0.011    -.0238778   -.0030684
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0322426   .0077776    -4.15   0.000    -.0475046   -.0169806
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0091435   .0059005    -1.55   0.122    -.0207221    .0024351
  _T1k_let_1000 |  -.0053889    .005843    -0.92   0.357    -.0168545    .0060768
         lnsqft |   .6019227   .0122843    49.00   0.000     .5778174    .6260281
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.1751321     .03011    -5.82   0.000    -.2342167   -.1160474
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.1311783   .0297376    -4.41   0.000    -.1895322   -.0728244
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.1131839   .0294107    -3.85   0.000    -.1708964   -.0554713
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.1141641   .0300889    -3.79   0.000    -.1732074   -.0551208
     _Xrbaths_5 |  -.1042606   .0346446    -3.01   0.003    -.1722435   -.0362776
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |   -.051221   .0142815    -3.59   0.000    -.0792456   -.0231964
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.1142672   .0172623    -6.62   0.000     -.148141   -.0803935
   _Xbedrooms_2 |  -.0011603     .01022    -0.11   0.910     -.021215    .0188943
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0395705   .0072997     5.42   0.000     .0252463    .0538947
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0248703   .0056434     4.41   0.000     .0137963    .0359443
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0457693   .0065741     6.96   0.000      .032869    .0586696
       _Xgarage |   .0305497   .0083212     3.67   0.000     .0142211    .0468783
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0678266   .0110678    -6.13   0.000    -.0895448   -.0461083
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.1585027   .0122731   -12.91   0.000    -.1825862   -.1344192
   _Dage_bin_30 |   -.210048    .014055   -14.94   0.000     -.237628    -.182468
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.1974664   .0132344   -14.92   0.000    -.2234362   -.1714966
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.1845243   .0155829   -11.84   0.000    -.2151027    -.153946
  _Duse_code__1 |    .351518   .0116148    30.26   0.000     .3287263    .3743097
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |   .1313524   .0183026     7.18   0.000     .0954372    .1672676
  _Duse_code__4 |  -.0224816   .0373835    -0.60   0.548    -.0958391    .0508759
 distress_cat_1 |   .2286236   .0442839     5.16   0.000     .1417256    .3155217
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .1606065   .0448602     3.58   0.000     .0725775    .2486354
 distress_cat_6 |   .0940459   .0440573     2.13   0.033     .0075926    .1804993
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |   .1155267   .0441913     2.61   0.009     .0288103    .2022431
 distress_cat_9 |   .0572387   .0800672     0.71   0.475    -.0998767    .2143541
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
------------------------------------------------------------------+
    Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
----------------+-------------------------------------------------|
   census_tract |            0            1020           1020 *   | 
    mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est1 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_Tr, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_BayArea_xs_1k_Tr.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-bin FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract#bin1k mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 81 singleton observations)
(converged in 6 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_bin_2000 omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_bin_1000 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =     81,554
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  31,   1019) =     490.09
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9082
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9054
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6048
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,020    Root MSE        =     0.2162

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,020 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0093412   .0099321    -0.94   0.347    -.0288309    .0101485
  _T1k_bin_2000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_exp_2000 |  -.0050241   .0052806    -0.95   0.342    -.0153862    .0053379
  _T1k_let_2000 |   -.013575   .0052592    -2.58   0.010    -.0238952   -.0032548
  _T1k_bin_1000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0087459   .0057622    -1.52   0.129    -.0200531    .0025612
  _T1k_let_1000 |  -.0058614   .0057408    -1.02   0.307    -.0171266    .0054037
         lnsqft |   .5831367   .0124015    47.02   0.000     .5588014     .607472
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.1820176   .0303612    -6.00   0.000    -.2415951   -.1224401
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.1393359   .0300307    -4.64   0.000     -.198265   -.0804068
     _Xrbaths_3 |   -.120413   .0295379    -4.08   0.000    -.1783751   -.0624508
     _Xrbaths_4 |    -.11987   .0296991    -4.04   0.000    -.1781483   -.0615916
     _Xrbaths_5 |  -.1141484   .0351523    -3.25   0.001    -.1831276   -.0451693
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |  -.0565203   .0143101    -3.95   0.000    -.0846009   -.0284397
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.1247448   .0172843    -7.22   0.000    -.1586618   -.0908278
   _Xbedrooms_2 |  -.0045151    .010025    -0.45   0.653    -.0241871    .0151569
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0353593   .0072468     4.88   0.000     .0211389    .0495797
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0217779   .0055737     3.91   0.000     .0108407    .0327152
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0429563   .0061649     6.97   0.000     .0308589    .0550536
       _Xgarage |   .0332173   .0079906     4.16   0.000     .0175374    .0488973
    _Dage_bin_0 |    .194145   .0127973    15.17   0.000     .1690329    .2192571
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .1255582   .0091802    13.68   0.000      .107544    .1435725
   _Dage_bin_20 |   .0421604   .0087186     4.84   0.000     .0250519     .059269
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0075298   .0078486    -0.96   0.338    -.0229311    .0078716
   _Dage_bin_40 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_50 |    .013865   .0076967     1.80   0.072    -.0012382    .0289683
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3629512   .0361667    10.04   0.000     .2919815    .4339209
  _Duse_code__2 |   .0137811   .0378244     0.36   0.716    -.0604415    .0880038
  _Duse_code__3 |   .1627195   .0333155     4.88   0.000     .0973446    .2280944
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .2271631   .0444775     5.11   0.000     .1398851     .314441
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .1635498   .0449487     3.64   0.000     .0753473    .2517524
 distress_cat_6 |   .0985915   .0441817     2.23   0.026     .0118939    .1852891
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |   .1165635   .0443527     2.63   0.009     .0295305    .2035966
 distress_cat_9 |   .0675793    .080369     0.84   0.401    -.0901283     .225287
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
---------------------------------------------------------------------+
       Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#bin1k |            0            2301           2301 *   | 
       mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
---------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est2 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Dist" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Dist"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrDist, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_BayArea_xs_1k_TrDist.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-period FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(census_tract#trendsegs mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 86 singleton observations)
(converged in 8 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =     81,549
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  32,   1008) =     467.96
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9060
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9024
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6390
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,009    Root MSE        =     0.2196

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,009 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0072475   .0056718    -1.28   0.202    -.0183773    .0038824
  _T1k_exp_2000 |  -.0085838   .0060848    -1.41   0.159    -.0205242    .0033566
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0101492   .0055695    -1.82   0.069    -.0210784    .0007799
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0335379   .0078353    -4.28   0.000    -.0489132   -.0181625
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0088604   .0067277    -1.32   0.188    -.0220622    .0043414
  _T1k_let_1000 |  -.0032776   .0060756    -0.54   0.590    -.0151998    .0086447
         lnsqft |   .6027721   .0123907    48.65   0.000     .5784575    .6270868
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.1734584    .030828    -5.63   0.000    -.2339529   -.1129639
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.1281096   .0304704    -4.20   0.000    -.1879024   -.0683169
     _Xrbaths_3 |    -.11026   .0301418    -3.66   0.000    -.1694078   -.0511121
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.1108385   .0307491    -3.60   0.000    -.1711782   -.0504989
     _Xrbaths_5 |  -.0975596   .0349404    -2.79   0.005    -.1661238   -.0289954
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |  -.0501337   .0146072    -3.43   0.001    -.0787978   -.0214696
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.1123281   .0175025    -6.42   0.000    -.1466737   -.0779826
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0009768   .0104496     0.09   0.926    -.0195286    .0214822
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0417157   .0074551     5.60   0.000     .0270863     .056345
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0264277   .0057112     4.63   0.000     .0152205    .0376349
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0460916   .0065085     7.08   0.000     .0333198    .0588634
       _Xgarage |   .0309015   .0083535     3.70   0.000     .0145093    .0472937
    _Dage_bin_0 |   .1971235   .0132509    14.88   0.000      .171121    .2231259
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .1290353   .0098089    13.15   0.000     .1097872    .1482835
   _Dage_bin_20 |   .0392338   .0091373     4.29   0.000     .0213035    .0571641
   _Dage_bin_30 |   -.014355   .0082714    -1.74   0.083    -.0305863    .0018762
   _Dage_bin_40 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_50 |   .0117488   .0077153     1.52   0.128     -.003391    .0268887
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3704989   .0356441    10.39   0.000     .3005537    .4404441
  _Duse_code__2 |   .0186766   .0371952     0.50   0.616    -.0543122    .0916655
  _Duse_code__3 |    .147427   .0328849     4.48   0.000     .0828963    .2119577
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .1659432   .0674249     2.46   0.014     .0336339    .2982526
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |    .098978   .0678471     1.46   0.145    -.0341597    .2321157
 distress_cat_6 |   .0327724     .06737     0.49   0.627    -.0994291    .1649739
 distress_cat_7 |  -.0556942   .0794237    -0.70   0.483    -.2115489    .1001604
 distress_cat_8 |   .0537757   .0673112     0.80   0.425    -.0783104    .1858618
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
           Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-----------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#trendsegs |            0            2938           2938 *   | 
           mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est3 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Per" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Per"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrPer, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_BayArea_xs_1k_TrPer.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-period trends FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(i.census_tract#i.trendsegs##c.sr_date_transfer mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 86 singleton observations)
(converged in 16 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =     81,549
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  32,   1008) =     442.82
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9105
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9035
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6428
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,009    Root MSE        =     0.2184

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,009 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0075713   .0058039    -1.30   0.192    -.0189604    .0038177
  _T1k_exp_2000 |  -.0086409   .0062781    -1.38   0.169    -.0209605    .0036787
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0094747   .0056891    -1.67   0.096    -.0206385     .001689
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0344692   .0080574    -4.28   0.000    -.0502804   -.0186581
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0081985   .0069462    -1.18   0.238    -.0218291    .0054321
  _T1k_let_1000 |   -.001162   .0062696    -0.19   0.853    -.0134651     .011141
         lnsqft |   .6014235   .0128218    46.91   0.000     .5762631    .6265839
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.1706458   .0324137    -5.26   0.000    -.2342519   -.1070398
     _Xrbaths_2 |   -.124308   .0320293    -3.88   0.000    -.1871597   -.0614563
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.1053728   .0316948    -3.32   0.001    -.1675681   -.0431775
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.1045472   .0322534    -3.24   0.001    -.1678386   -.0412557
     _Xrbaths_5 |  -.0879938   .0359862    -2.45   0.015    -.1586104   -.0173773
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |  -.0480298   .0151408    -3.17   0.002    -.0777409   -.0183188
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.1115271   .0181407    -6.15   0.000     -.147125   -.0759293
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0018782   .0108131     0.17   0.862    -.0193405     .023097
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0424819   .0076525     5.55   0.000     .0274653    .0574985
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0264136   .0057979     4.56   0.000     .0150363    .0377909
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0478786   .0066572     7.19   0.000     .0348151     .060942
       _Xgarage |   .0315631   .0086092     3.67   0.000      .014669    .0484571
    _Dage_bin_0 |   .1971346   .0135934    14.50   0.000       .17046    .2238092
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .1284296   .0101037    12.71   0.000     .1086029    .1482563
   _Dage_bin_20 |   .0399273   .0093931     4.25   0.000     .0214951    .0583594
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0143215   .0085208    -1.68   0.093     -.031042     .002399
   _Dage_bin_40 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_50 |   .0117179   .0079781     1.47   0.142    -.0039376    .0273734
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3534312   .0121523    29.08   0.000     .3295845    .3772779
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |   .1289757   .0194253     6.64   0.000     .0908571    .1670943
  _Duse_code__4 |  -.0111336   .0380199    -0.29   0.770    -.0857409    .0634736
 distress_cat_1 |   .2196583   .0451445     4.87   0.000     .1310703    .3082462
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .1518348   .0456576     3.33   0.001       .06224    .2414295
 distress_cat_6 |   .0878448   .0449216     1.96   0.051    -.0003058    .1759953
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |   .1080111   .0450677     2.40   0.017     .0195738    .1964484
 distress_cat_9 |   .0484945   .0800265     0.61   0.545    -.1085431    .2055321
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
                               Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
                    census_tract#trendsegs |            0            2938           2938 *   | 
 census_tract#trendsegs#c.sr_date_transfer |         2938            2938              0 ?   | 
                               mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
? = number of redundant parameters may be higher
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est4 stored)

. estadd local tfes "\shortstack{Tr-Per \\ Trends}" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "\shortstack{Tr-Per \ Trends}"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrPerTrends, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_BayArea_xs_1k_TrPerTrends.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-quarter FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract#qtr_post_exp mo_post_exp ) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 1036 singleton observations)
(converged in 7 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =     80,599
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  33,    993) =     425.25
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9160
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9037
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6459
Number of clusters (census_tract) =        994    Root MSE        =     0.2181

                            (Std. Err. adjusted for 994 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0146688   .0106029    -1.38   0.167    -.0354755    .0061379
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0092182   .0059497    -1.55   0.122    -.0208935    .0024572
  _T1k_exp_2000 |  -.0064364   .0063705    -1.01   0.313    -.0189375    .0060648
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0067351   .0058061    -1.16   0.246    -.0181287    .0046586
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0353758   .0082272    -4.30   0.000    -.0515204   -.0192312
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0074602    .006817    -1.09   0.274    -.0208376    .0059171
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0007043   .0064224     0.11   0.913    -.0118988    .0133074
         lnsqft |   .6062275   .0131319    46.16   0.000      .580458     .631997
     _Xrbaths_0 |   .0871548   .0362068     2.41   0.016     .0161042    .1582054
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0762304   .0214495    -3.55   0.000    -.1183218   -.0341389
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0302024   .0209784    -1.44   0.150    -.0713694    .0109646
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.0136738   .0206179    -0.66   0.507    -.0541334    .0267858
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.0107485   .0190374    -0.56   0.572    -.0481067    .0266096
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |  -.0478119   .0155684    -3.07   0.002    -.0783626   -.0172611
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.1117842   .0183736    -6.08   0.000    -.1478398   -.0757286
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0022287   .0109856     0.20   0.839     -.019329    .0237864
   _Xbedrooms_3 |    .042672   .0077578     5.50   0.000     .0274484    .0578956
   _Xbedrooms_4 |     .02577   .0058722     4.39   0.000     .0142467    .0372934
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0486916   .0067218     7.24   0.000     .0355012    .0618821
       _Xgarage |   .0308176   .0086961     3.54   0.000     .0137528    .0478824
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0690893   .0117265    -5.89   0.000    -.0921008   -.0460778
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.1582066   .0128304   -12.33   0.000    -.1833845   -.1330287
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.2135951   .0146662   -14.56   0.000    -.2423754   -.1848147
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.1984435   .0137959   -14.38   0.000    -.2255159    -.171371
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.1902364   .0166095   -11.45   0.000    -.2228301   -.1576427
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3557207   .0365236     9.74   0.000     .2840485    .4273929
  _Duse_code__2 |   .0010638   .0380583     0.03   0.978    -.0736201    .0757477
  _Duse_code__3 |   .1368178   .0338549     4.04   0.000     .0703825    .2032531
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .1921983   .0686832     2.80   0.005     .0574175    .3269791
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .1255157   .0691732     1.81   0.070    -.0102268    .2612581
 distress_cat_6 |   .0613125   .0686022     0.89   0.372    -.0733094    .1959345
 distress_cat_7 |  -.0240891    .080433    -0.30   0.765    -.1819273    .1337492
 distress_cat_8 |   .0817915   .0685519     1.19   0.233    -.0527317    .2163147
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
              Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#qtr_post_exp |            0           10240          10240 *   | 
              mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est5 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Q" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Q"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrQtr, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_BayArea_xs_1k_TrQtr.ster saved

. 
. esttab, keep(_T*) label se starlevels(* 0.10 ** 0.05 *** 0.01)  ///
>         stats(pfes tfes N r2,  ///
>         labels("Property FE" "Other FE" "Observations" "R-Squared")) ///
>         b(a3) nonotes title("$fname") nomtitles

pdd_BayArea_xs_1k
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (1)             (2)             (3)             (4)             (5)   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SanBruno                        0               0               0               0               0   
                              (.)             (.)             (.)             (.)             (.)   

Letter                    -0.0114        -0.00934               0               0         -0.0147   
                         (0.0101)       (0.00993)             (.)             (.)        (0.0106)   

2000ft                   -0.00543               0        -0.00725        -0.00757        -0.00922   
                        (0.00559)             (.)       (0.00567)       (0.00580)       (0.00595)   

PostExp-2000ft           -0.00735        -0.00502        -0.00858        -0.00864        -0.00644   
                        (0.00536)       (0.00528)       (0.00608)       (0.00628)       (0.00637)   

PostLetter-2000ft         -0.0135**       -0.0136***      -0.0101*       -0.00947*       -0.00674   
                        (0.00530)       (0.00526)       (0.00557)       (0.00569)       (0.00581)   

1000ft                    -0.0322***            0         -0.0335***      -0.0345***      -0.0354***
                        (0.00778)             (.)       (0.00784)       (0.00806)       (0.00823)   

PostExp-1000ft           -0.00914        -0.00875        -0.00886        -0.00820        -0.00746   
                        (0.00590)       (0.00576)       (0.00673)       (0.00695)       (0.00682)   

PostLetter-1000ft        -0.00539        -0.00586        -0.00328        -0.00116        0.000704   
                        (0.00584)       (0.00574)       (0.00608)       (0.00627)       (0.00642)   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property FE                                                                                         
Other FE                       Tr         Tr-Dist          Tr-Per    \shortstack{Tr-Per \ Trends}            Tr-Q   
Observations                81622           81554           81549           81549           80599   
R-Squared                   0.902           0.908           0.906           0.910           0.916   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. 
. log close 
      name:  <unnamed>
       log:  /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/DraftFiles/output/logs/pdd_BayArea_xs_1k.txt
  log type:  text
 closed on:  13 Nov 2017, 12:33:45
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
