-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      name:  <unnamed>
       log:  /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/DraftFiles/output/logs/pdd_PGE_x
> s_1k_covars.txt
  log type:  text
 opened on:  13 Nov 2017, 12:29:33

. set linesize 255

. 
. global hedonics "lnsqft _X* _Dage_bin* _Duse*"

. global extracovars "_RB* ln_foreclose"

.  
. use if insample == 1 & random_id < 1.01 using $ddir/generated_data/dd_regdata, clear

.         replace km_to_ng =  km_to_ng_nodistr
(987,965 real changes made)

.         replace km_to_anyPGEng = km_to_ng_nodistr_pge
(763,505 real changes made)

.         replace ft_to_ng =  ft_to_ng_nodistr
(978,752 real changes made)

.         replace ft_to_anyPGEng = ft_to_ng_nodistr_pge
(759,482 real changes made)

.     keep if gasutility == "PGE"
(2,454,021 observations deleted)

.     keep if ft_to_ng <= 4000
(535,810 observations deleted)

.     drop if period == "Pre"
(779,374 observations deleted)

.     gen ln_foreclose = ln(1 + n_foreclose_pre6)

.  
. capture drop _T* PGE

. do $ddir/analysis/pdd_prep_distance_defs.do

. *define this in a separate do file so i can rerun the same code 
. *after dropping distribution lines in other files
. 
. gen PGEpipe = cond(km_to_ng == km_to_anyPGEng,1,0)

. gen PGEterr = (gasutility == "PGE")

. * Note: in current approach, all PGE pipe is in PGE territory, but there are some houses closest to non-PGE pipe
. * That is PGEpipe == 1 => PGEterr == 1 but not the converse
. 
. replace period = "PostCrash" if period == "Pre" & sr_date_transfer > (td(09sept2010) - 450)
(0 real changes made)

. 
. /*NAMING CONVENTION
> _T*_PERIOD_DISTANCE_PGE
> T - DENOTES HOW DISTANCE IS SPECIFIED (IE 2K OR 660 FOOT BINS)
> 
> - SO TO RUN WITH PROPERTY FES, SPECIFY _T*_EXP AND _T*_LET
> ---- FOR CROSS SECTION, ONLY NEED _T*
> */
. 
. *1000 FOOT BIN REG SETUP
. cap drop bin1k 

. cap drop _T1k* 

. global blist 2000 1000

. gen bin1k = 9999

. foreach b in $blist {
  2.         replace bin1k = `b' if ft_to_ng < `b'
  3. }
(84,816 real changes made)
(44,586 real changes made)

. 
. * Period main effect (mostly picked up by month FE?)
. gen _T1k_exp = period == "PostExp"

. label var _T1k_exp "SanBruno"

. gen _T1k_let = period == "PostLetter"

. label var _T1k_let "Letter"

. 
. * Bin-related variables
. foreach b in $blist {
  2.     * main effect in and out of PGE by bin
.         gen _T1k_bin_`b' = bin1k == `b'
  3.         label var _T1k_bin_`b' "`b'ft"
  4. 
.     * explosion period by bin
.         gen _T1k_exp_`b' = period == "PostExp" & bin1k == `b'
  5.         label var _T1k_exp_`b' "PostExp-`b'ft"
  6. 
.     * letter period in and out of PGE by bin
.         gen _T1k_let_`b' = period == "PostLetter" & bin1k == `b'
  7.         label var _T1k_let_`b' "PostLetter-`b'ft"
  8.         
. }

. 
. 
. /* Road bins by period-territory */
. capture drop rbin _RB* 

. global blist 2000 1000

. gen rbin = 9999

. gen ft_to_roads = 3280.84*km_to_roads

. foreach b in $blist {
  2.         replace rbin = `b' if ft_to_roads < `b'
  3. }
(50,052 real changes made)
(23,971 real changes made)

. 
. foreach b in $blist {
  2.     * main effect in and out of PGE by road bin
.         gen _RB_bin_`b' = rbin == `b'
  3.         label var _RB_bin_`b' "Hwy `b'ft"
  4. 
.     * explosion period by road bin
.         gen _RB_exp_`b' = period == "PostExp" & rbin == `b'
  5.         label var _RB_exp_`b' "PostExp- hwy `b'ft"
  6. 
.     * letter period by road bin
.         gen _RB_let_`b' = period == "PostLetter" & rbin == `b'
  7.         label var _RB_let_`b' "PostLetter-hwy `b'ft"
  8.         
. }

. 
. 
. 
end of do-file

.  
. * For flexible time trends, split pre-period into bubble and crash
.         gen trendsegs = 0

.         replace trendsegs = 1 if period == "PostExp"
(28,800 real changes made)

.         replace trendsegs = 2 if period == "PostLetter" 
(52,204 real changes made)

. 
. * Tract FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics $extracovars distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract mo_post_exp ) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 35 singleton observations)
(converged in 6 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    145,091
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  40,   1796) =     633.45
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9229
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9219
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6197
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,797    Root MSE        =     0.2217

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,797 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0109233   .0073101    -1.49   0.135    -.0252605    .0034138
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0132662   .0037631    -3.53   0.000    -.0206467   -.0058857
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0002006   .0039443     0.05   0.959    -.0075353    .0079366
  _T1k_let_2000 |   .0001327   .0038001     0.03   0.972    -.0073203    .0075857
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0331677   .0049851    -6.65   0.000     -.042945   -.0233904
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0030054   .0044209    -0.68   0.497    -.0116762    .0056653
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0054126   .0045413     1.19   0.233    -.0034943    .0143194
         lnsqft |   .6092831   .0087395    69.72   0.000     .5921424    .6264237
     _Xrbaths_0 |   .0755473   .0235512     3.21   0.001     .0293565     .121738
     _Xrbaths_1 |    -.04831   .0161645    -2.99   0.003    -.0800132   -.0166069
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0012236   .0155145    -0.08   0.937    -.0316519    .0292048
     _Xrbaths_3 |   .0079756   .0150827     0.53   0.597    -.0216059    .0375571
     _Xrbaths_4 |   .0061801   .0146327     0.42   0.673    -.0225188     .034879
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |  -.0522367   .0134146    -3.89   0.000    -.0785465   -.0259269
   _Xbedrooms_1 |   -.108617   .0131423    -8.26   0.000    -.1343928   -.0828413
   _Xbedrooms_2 |  -.0158024   .0072546    -2.18   0.030    -.0300307   -.0015741
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0280618   .0051835     5.41   0.000     .0178954    .0382282
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0200483   .0039923     5.02   0.000     .0122182    .0278784
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0703259   .0041039    17.14   0.000      .062277    .0783749
       _Xgarage |   .0479251   .0054432     8.80   0.000     .0372494    .0586008
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0753629   .0068648   -10.98   0.000    -.0888268    -.061899
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.1647888   .0081273   -20.28   0.000    -.1807286   -.1488489
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.2210938   .0091996   -24.03   0.000    -.2391367   -.2030508
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.2172844   .0091653   -23.71   0.000    -.2352602   -.1993086
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.2229738    .010933   -20.39   0.000    -.2444165   -.2015311
  _Duse_code__1 |   .2813287   .0363126     7.75   0.000     .2101094     .352548
  _Duse_code__2 |  -.0873133   .0377032    -2.32   0.021    -.1612601   -.0133665
  _Duse_code__3 |   .1325971   .0338861     3.91   0.000     .0661367    .1990575
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
   _RB_bin_2000 |  -.0180677   .0050429    -3.58   0.000    -.0279583   -.0081771
   _RB_exp_2000 |   .0044803   .0050862     0.88   0.378    -.0054951    .0144557
   _RB_let_2000 |   .0033965   .0049047     0.69   0.489    -.0062231     .013016
   _RB_bin_1000 |  -.0512046   .0070058    -7.31   0.000    -.0649449   -.0374642
   _RB_exp_1000 |   .0104633   .0056082     1.87   0.062     -.000536    .0214626
   _RB_let_1000 |    .001553   .0058797     0.26   0.792    -.0099788    .0130849
   ln_foreclose |  -.0408757   .0034699   -11.78   0.000    -.0476812   -.0340701
 distress_cat_1 |   .1356796   .0651524     2.08   0.037     .0078972    .2634621
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0765125   .0653423     1.17   0.242    -.0516425    .2046675
 distress_cat_6 |  -6.40e-06   .0650479    -0.00   1.000    -.1275838     .127571
 distress_cat_7 |  -.0194584   .0673827    -0.29   0.773    -.1516151    .1126984
 distress_cat_8 |   .0271953   .0650722     0.42   0.676    -.1004299    .1548205
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
------------------------------------------------------------------+
    Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
----------------+-------------------------------------------------|
   census_tract |            0            1797           1797 *   | 
    mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est1 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_Tr, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_covars_Tr.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-bin FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics $extracovars distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract#bin1k mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 178 singleton observations)
(converged in 6 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_bin_2000 omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_bin_1000 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    144,948
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  38,   1793) =     640.36
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9278
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9257
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.5902
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,794    Root MSE        =     0.2162

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,794 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0098394   .0071872    -1.37   0.171    -.0239355    .0042567
  _T1k_bin_2000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0012399   .0039035     0.32   0.751    -.0064159    .0088957
  _T1k_let_2000 |   .0002623   .0037655     0.07   0.944    -.0071228    .0076474
  _T1k_bin_1000 |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0022824   .0043115    -0.53   0.597    -.0107384    .0061737
  _T1k_let_1000 |     .00529   .0044429     1.19   0.234    -.0034237    .0140038
         lnsqft |   .5921272   .0087506    67.67   0.000     .5749647    .6092896
     _Xrbaths_0 |   .0751839   .0242362     3.10   0.002     .0276498    .1227181
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0527705    .017057    -3.09   0.002    -.0862243   -.0193168
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0082305   .0164043    -0.50   0.616    -.0404041     .023943
     _Xrbaths_3 |   .0027097   .0160643     0.17   0.866     -.028797    .0342164
     _Xrbaths_4 |   .0036042   .0153435     0.23   0.814    -.0264888    .0336972
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |  -.0558158   .0135828    -4.11   0.000    -.0824555    -.029176
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.1181821   .0131075    -9.02   0.000    -.1438897   -.0924745
   _Xbedrooms_2 |  -.0182693   .0070943    -2.58   0.010    -.0321832   -.0043553
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0238364     .00509     4.68   0.000     .0138535    .0338194
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0183514   .0038957     4.71   0.000     .0107108     .025992
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0670567   .0039057    17.17   0.000     .0593964     .074717
       _Xgarage |   .0469534   .0052285     8.98   0.000     .0366988     .057208
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0746868    .006523   -11.45   0.000    -.0874803   -.0618933
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.1602155   .0077776   -20.60   0.000    -.1754696   -.1449614
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.2151193   .0088159   -24.40   0.000    -.2324098   -.1978288
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.2141657   .0089045   -24.05   0.000      -.23163   -.1967015
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.2188414   .0107624   -20.33   0.000    -.2399497   -.1977332
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3659834    .008992    40.70   0.000     .3483474    .3836194
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |   .2305152    .014787    15.59   0.000     .2015136    .2595168
  _Duse_code__4 |   .0902148   .0379366     2.38   0.018     .0158102    .1646195
   _RB_bin_2000 |  -.0213856   .0052161    -4.10   0.000    -.0316158   -.0111553
   _RB_exp_2000 |   .0054799   .0049253     1.11   0.266      -.00418    .0151397
   _RB_let_2000 |   .0031184   .0047487     0.66   0.511    -.0061951    .0124319
   _RB_bin_1000 |  -.0580132   .0071335    -8.13   0.000     -.072004   -.0440224
   _RB_exp_1000 |   .0090055   .0056217     1.60   0.109    -.0020202    .0200312
   _RB_let_1000 |    .000273     .00588     0.05   0.963    -.0112594    .0118054
   ln_foreclose |     -.0363   .0032556   -11.15   0.000    -.0426851   -.0299148
 distress_cat_1 |   .1203261   .0655727     1.84   0.067     -.008281    .2489331
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0656782   .0657015     1.00   0.318    -.0631813    .1945378
 distress_cat_6 |  -.0110464     .06548    -0.17   0.866    -.1394717    .1173788
 distress_cat_7 |  -.0331269   .0677521    -0.49   0.625    -.1660083    .0997545
 distress_cat_8 |   .0130526   .0655097     0.20   0.842    -.1154308     .141536
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
---------------------------------------------------------------------+
       Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#bin1k |            0            4114           4114 *   | 
       mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
---------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est2 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Dist" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Dist"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrDist, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_covars_TrDist.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-period FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics $extracovars distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(census_tract#trendsegs mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 197 singleton observations)
(converged in 8 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    144,929
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  39,   1772) =     646.65
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9264
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9237
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6250
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,773    Root MSE        =     0.2190

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,773 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0137971   .0037599    -3.67   0.000    -.0211715   -.0064227
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0010792   .0044223     0.24   0.807    -.0075943    .0097527
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0009035   .0039504    -0.23   0.819    -.0086514    .0068443
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0329853   .0049254    -6.70   0.000    -.0426454   -.0233252
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0009535   .0052066    -0.18   0.855    -.0111652    .0092582
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0023808   .0046758     0.51   0.611    -.0067898    .0115515
         lnsqft |   .6091636   .0087833    69.36   0.000      .591937    .6263903
     _Xrbaths_0 |   .0708415   .0237044     2.99   0.003       .02435     .117333
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0514201   .0158679    -3.24   0.001    -.0825419   -.0202982
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0027366   .0152232    -0.18   0.857    -.0325939    .0271207
     _Xrbaths_3 |   .0061814   .0147853     0.42   0.676    -.0228171    .0351799
     _Xrbaths_4 |   .0051187   .0142787     0.36   0.720    -.0228862    .0331236
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_1 |   -.055992   .0173583    -3.23   0.001    -.0900369   -.0219472
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0374364   .0138844     2.70   0.007     .0102048    .0646679
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0815671   .0133728     6.10   0.000      .055339    .1077952
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0734409   .0133242     5.51   0.000     .0473082    .0995737
   _Xbedrooms_5 |    .052435   .0137355     3.82   0.000     .0254954    .0793745
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0698852   .0040771    17.14   0.000     .0618887    .0778816
       _Xgarage |   .0489925   .0054767     8.95   0.000     .0382511    .0597339
    _Dage_bin_0 |   .2188352   .0092076    23.77   0.000     .2007763    .2368941
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .1424291   .0070792    20.12   0.000     .1285446    .1563135
   _Dage_bin_20 |   .0531262   .0065706     8.09   0.000     .0402392    .0660132
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0032926   .0056937    -0.58   0.563    -.0144596    .0078744
   _Dage_bin_40 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.0043501   .0055929    -0.78   0.437    -.0153195    .0066192
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3687844   .0094484    39.03   0.000     .3502532    .3873156
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |   .2161537   .0151829    14.24   0.000     .1863753    .2459321
  _Duse_code__4 |   .0901265   .0376775     2.39   0.017     .0162295    .1640235
   _RB_bin_2000 |  -.0162196   .0051563    -3.15   0.002    -.0263326   -.0061066
   _RB_exp_2000 |   .0003855   .0064633     0.06   0.952    -.0122911     .013062
   _RB_let_2000 |  -3.41e-06   .0054197    -0.00   0.999     -.010633    .0106262
   _RB_bin_1000 |  -.0475034    .007101    -6.69   0.000    -.0614306   -.0335763
   _RB_exp_1000 |   .0030982   .0071309     0.43   0.664    -.0108877    .0170841
   _RB_let_1000 |   -.004487   .0058783    -0.76   0.445     -.016016    .0070421
   ln_foreclose |  -.0432931   .0038459   -11.26   0.000     -.050836   -.0357502
 distress_cat_1 |   .1497912   .0189789     7.89   0.000     .1125677    .1870146
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0864137   .0198722     4.35   0.000     .0474383     .125389
 distress_cat_6 |   .0150495   .0186767     0.81   0.420    -.0215812    .0516801
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |   .0411027   .0188189     2.18   0.029     .0041931    .0780122
 distress_cat_9 |   .0221748   .0670555     0.33   0.741    -.1093415     .153691
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
           Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-----------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#trendsegs |            0            5128           5128 *   | 
           mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est3 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Per" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Per"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrPer, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_covars_TrPer.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-period trends FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics $extracovars distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(i.census_tract#i.trendsegs##c.sr_date_transfer mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 197 singleton observations)
(converged in 16 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    144,929
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  39,   1772) =     613.39
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9300
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9246
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6280
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,773    Root MSE        =     0.2178

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,773 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0139815   .0038256    -3.65   0.000    -.0214847   -.0064783
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0012645   .0046121     0.27   0.784    -.0077811    .0103102
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0006832   .0040491    -0.17   0.866    -.0086248    .0072583
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0333567    .005033    -6.63   0.000    -.0432279   -.0234855
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0012406   .0054194    -0.23   0.819    -.0118698    .0093886
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0037826   .0048595     0.78   0.436    -.0057484    .0133135
         lnsqft |   .6078986   .0090856    66.91   0.000      .590079    .6257182
     _Xrbaths_0 |   .0664867   .0241631     2.75   0.006     .0190956    .1138778
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0549581   .0160926    -3.42   0.001    -.0865205   -.0233957
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0055215   .0154174    -0.36   0.720    -.0357596    .0247166
     _Xrbaths_3 |   .0044015   .0149304     0.29   0.768    -.0248815    .0336845
     _Xrbaths_4 |   .0035027   .0145175     0.24   0.809    -.0249705    .0319758
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |   .0564384   .0181719     3.11   0.002     .0207979     .092079
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0945884   .0101389     9.33   0.000      .074703    .1144738
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .1386625   .0117863    11.76   0.000      .115546    .1617791
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .1300445   .0126735    10.26   0.000      .105188     .154901
   _Xbedrooms_5 |   .1092472   .0136806     7.99   0.000     .0824154     .136079
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0710678   .0041722    17.03   0.000     .0628849    .0792507
       _Xgarage |   .0497827   .0056415     8.82   0.000     .0387181    .0608474
    _Dage_bin_0 |   .2187801   .0094841    23.07   0.000      .200179    .2373813
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .1425185   .0072977    19.53   0.000     .1282055    .1568315
   _Dage_bin_20 |    .053025   .0067811     7.82   0.000     .0397253    .0663247
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0035655    .005887    -0.61   0.545    -.0151118    .0079807
   _Dage_bin_40 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.0041669   .0057666    -0.72   0.470    -.0154769    .0071431
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3694694    .009723    38.00   0.000     .3503997     .388539
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |    .216438   .0157155    13.77   0.000      .185615    .2472609
  _Duse_code__4 |    .100189   .0389643     2.57   0.010     .0237681    .1766098
   _RB_bin_2000 |  -.0159397   .0052383    -3.04   0.002    -.0262136   -.0056658
   _RB_exp_2000 |  -.0021143   .0066435    -0.32   0.750    -.0151442    .0109156
   _RB_let_2000 |  -.0003233   .0055875    -0.06   0.954    -.0112821    .0106355
   _RB_bin_1000 |  -.0467648    .007209    -6.49   0.000    -.0609037   -.0326258
   _RB_exp_1000 |   .0014248   .0072886     0.20   0.845    -.0128703      .01572
   _RB_let_1000 |  -.0053583   .0059974    -0.89   0.372    -.0171211    .0064046
   ln_foreclose |  -.0457127   .0043235   -10.57   0.000    -.0541924   -.0372329
 distress_cat_1 |     .12947   .0657337     1.97   0.049     .0005462    .2583938
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0642969   .0659519     0.97   0.330    -.0650548    .1936485
 distress_cat_6 |  -.0038197   .0656543    -0.06   0.954    -.1325877    .1249483
 distress_cat_7 |  -.0206053   .0679765    -0.30   0.762    -.1539279    .1127173
 distress_cat_8 |   .0212786   .0656343     0.32   0.746    -.1074503    .1500074
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
                               Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
                    census_tract#trendsegs |            0            5128           5128 *   | 
 census_tract#trendsegs#c.sr_date_transfer |         5127            5128              1 ?   | 
                               mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
? = number of redundant parameters may be higher
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est4 stored)

. estadd local tfes "\shortstack{Tr-Per \\ Trends}" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "\shortstack{Tr-Per \ Trends}"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrPerTrends, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_covars_TrPerTrends.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-quarter FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics $extracovars distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract#qtr_post_exp mo_post_exp ) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 1914 singleton observations)
(converged in 7 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    143,212
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  40,   1747) =     599.40
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9341
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9248
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6307
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,748    Root MSE        =     0.2172

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,748 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0123946   .0077144    -1.61   0.108    -.0275252    .0027359
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0143641   .0038559    -3.73   0.000    -.0219267   -.0068015
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0009863    .004611     0.21   0.831    -.0080574    .0100299
  _T1k_let_2000 |   .0009489   .0041479     0.23   0.819    -.0071865    .0090843
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0328852   .0050794    -6.47   0.000    -.0428475   -.0229229
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0023944   .0053399    -0.45   0.654    -.0128676    .0080789
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0046711   .0049275     0.95   0.343    -.0049933    .0143355
         lnsqft |    .611231   .0091926    66.49   0.000     .5932013    .6292606
     _Xrbaths_0 |    .063679   .0242083     2.63   0.009     .0161987    .1111593
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0518538   .0161471    -3.21   0.001    -.0835234   -.0201842
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0026394   .0154965    -0.17   0.865     -.033033    .0277542
     _Xrbaths_3 |    .005567   .0150208     0.37   0.711    -.0238937    .0350277
     _Xrbaths_4 |   .0060751    .014597     0.42   0.677    -.0225543    .0347045
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |   .0575195   .0186434     3.09   0.002     .0209538    .0940853
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0951721   .0101923     9.34   0.000     .0751816    .1151625
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .1399344   .0118345    11.82   0.000     .1167231    .1631458
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .1304379   .0127324    10.24   0.000     .1054656    .1554102
   _Xbedrooms_5 |    .110043   .0137551     8.00   0.000     .0830649    .1370211
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0708618   .0041805    16.95   0.000     .0626625    .0790611
       _Xgarage |   .0504828   .0056865     8.88   0.000     .0393297    .0616359
    _Dage_bin_0 |   .2205495    .009572    23.04   0.000     .2017758    .2393232
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .1434737   .0073868    19.42   0.000     .1289858    .1579617
   _Dage_bin_20 |   .0545196   .0068303     7.98   0.000     .0411231    .0679161
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0037359   .0059458    -0.63   0.530    -.0153974    .0079256
   _Dage_bin_40 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.0052454   .0058615    -0.89   0.371    -.0167417    .0062509
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3692536    .009761    37.83   0.000     .3501091    .3883981
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |   .2213348   .0157606    14.04   0.000     .1904233    .2522463
  _Duse_code__4 |   .1144054   .0385224     2.97   0.003     .0388504    .1899603
   _RB_bin_2000 |   -.016533   .0052856    -3.13   0.002    -.0268998   -.0061661
   _RB_exp_2000 |   .0017751   .0064472     0.28   0.783      -.01087    .0144202
   _RB_let_2000 |  -.0012422   .0055691    -0.22   0.824     -.012165    .0096806
   _RB_bin_1000 |  -.0482071   .0072817    -6.62   0.000    -.0624889   -.0339252
   _RB_exp_1000 |   .0042637   .0070398     0.61   0.545    -.0095435    .0180709
   _RB_let_1000 |  -.0051488   .0060346    -0.85   0.394    -.0169846     .006687
   ln_foreclose |  -.0484226   .0045415   -10.66   0.000    -.0573299   -.0395153
 distress_cat_1 |   .1455195   .0680822     2.14   0.033     .0119884    .2790506
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0828742   .0682344     1.21   0.225    -.0509555    .2167039
 distress_cat_6 |   .0131944   .0679802     0.19   0.846    -.1201367    .1465255
 distress_cat_7 |  -.0025977   .0703446    -0.04   0.971    -.1405662    .1353708
 distress_cat_8 |   .0379282   .0679707     0.56   0.577    -.0953844    .1712408
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
              Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#qtr_post_exp |            0           17731          17731 *   | 
              mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est5 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Q" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Q"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrQtr, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_covars_TrQtr.ster saved

. 
. esttab, keep(_T*) label se starlevels(* 0.10 ** 0.05 *** 0.01)  ///
>         stats(pfes tfes N r2,  ///
>         labels("Property FE" "Other FE" "Observations" "R-Squared")) ///
>         b(a3) nonotes title("$fname") nomtitles

pdd_PGE_xs_1k_covars
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (1)             (2)             (3)             (4)             (5)   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SanBruno                        0               0               0               0               0   
                              (.)             (.)             (.)             (.)             (.)   

Letter                    -0.0109        -0.00984               0               0         -0.0124   
                        (0.00731)       (0.00719)             (.)             (.)       (0.00771)   

2000ft                    -0.0133***            0         -0.0138***      -0.0140***      -0.0144***
                        (0.00376)             (.)       (0.00376)       (0.00383)       (0.00386)   

PostExp-2000ft           0.000201         0.00124         0.00108         0.00126        0.000986   
                        (0.00394)       (0.00390)       (0.00442)       (0.00461)       (0.00461)   

PostLetter-2000ft        0.000133        0.000262       -0.000904       -0.000683        0.000949   
                        (0.00380)       (0.00377)       (0.00395)       (0.00405)       (0.00415)   

1000ft                    -0.0332***            0         -0.0330***      -0.0334***      -0.0329***
                        (0.00499)             (.)       (0.00493)       (0.00503)       (0.00508)   

PostExp-1000ft           -0.00301        -0.00228       -0.000954        -0.00124        -0.00239   
                        (0.00442)       (0.00431)       (0.00521)       (0.00542)       (0.00534)   

PostLetter-1000ft         0.00541         0.00529         0.00238         0.00378         0.00467   
                        (0.00454)       (0.00444)       (0.00468)       (0.00486)       (0.00493)   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property FE                                                                                         
Other FE                       Tr         Tr-Dist          Tr-Per    \shortstack{Tr-Per \ Trends}            Tr-Q   
Observations               145091          144948          144929          144929          143212   
R-Squared                   0.923           0.928           0.926           0.930           0.934   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. 
. log close 
      name:  <unnamed>
       log:  /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/DraftFiles/output/logs/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_covars.txt
  log type:  text
 closed on:  13 Nov 2017, 12:38:55
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
