-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      name:  <unnamed>
       log:  /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/DraftFiles/output/logs/pdd_PGE_x
> s_1k.txt
  log type:  text
 opened on:  13 Nov 2017, 12:29:45

. set linesize 255

. 
. global hedonics "lnsqft _X* _Dage_bin* _Duse*"

.  
. use if insample == 1 & random_id < 1.01 using $ddir/generated_data/dd_regdata, clear

.         replace km_to_ng =  km_to_ng_nodistr
(987,965 real changes made)

.         replace km_to_anyPGEng = km_to_ng_nodistr_pge
(763,505 real changes made)

.         replace ft_to_ng =  ft_to_ng_nodistr
(978,752 real changes made)

.         replace ft_to_anyPGEng = ft_to_ng_nodistr_pge
(759,482 real changes made)

.     keep if gasutility == "PGE"
(2,454,021 observations deleted)

.     keep if ft_to_ng <= 4000
(535,810 observations deleted)

.     drop if period == "Pre"
(779,374 observations deleted)

.  
. capture drop _T* PGE

. do $ddir/analysis/pdd_prep_distance_defs.do

. *define this in a separate do file so i can rerun the same code 
. *after dropping distribution lines in other files
. 
. gen PGEpipe = cond(km_to_ng == km_to_anyPGEng,1,0)

. gen PGEterr = (gasutility == "PGE")

. * Note: in current approach, all PGE pipe is in PGE territory, but there are some houses closest to non-PGE pipe
. * That is PGEpipe == 1 => PGEterr == 1 but not the converse
. 
. replace period = "PostCrash" if period == "Pre" & sr_date_transfer > (td(09sept2010) - 450)
(0 real changes made)

. 
. /*NAMING CONVENTION
> _T*_PERIOD_DISTANCE_PGE
> T - DENOTES HOW DISTANCE IS SPECIFIED (IE 2K OR 660 FOOT BINS)
> 
> - SO TO RUN WITH PROPERTY FES, SPECIFY _T*_EXP AND _T*_LET
> ---- FOR CROSS SECTION, ONLY NEED _T*
> */
. 
. *1000 FOOT BIN REG SETUP
. cap drop bin1k 

. cap drop _T1k* 

. global blist 2000 1000

. gen bin1k = 9999

. foreach b in $blist {
  2.         replace bin1k = `b' if ft_to_ng < `b'
  3. }
(84,816 real changes made)
(44,586 real changes made)

. 
. * Period main effect (mostly picked up by month FE?)
. gen _T1k_exp = period == "PostExp"

. label var _T1k_exp "SanBruno"

. gen _T1k_let = period == "PostLetter"

. label var _T1k_let "Letter"

. 
. * Bin-related variables
. foreach b in $blist {
  2.     * main effect in and out of PGE by bin
.         gen _T1k_bin_`b' = bin1k == `b'
  3.         label var _T1k_bin_`b' "`b'ft"
  4. 
.     * explosion period by bin
.         gen _T1k_exp_`b' = period == "PostExp" & bin1k == `b'
  5.         label var _T1k_exp_`b' "PostExp-`b'ft"
  6. 
.     * letter period in and out of PGE by bin
.         gen _T1k_let_`b' = period == "PostLetter" & bin1k == `b'
  7.         label var _T1k_let_`b' "PostLetter-`b'ft"
  8.         
. }

. 
. 
. /* Road bins by period-territory */
. capture drop rbin _RB* 

. global blist 2000 1000

. gen rbin = 9999

. gen ft_to_roads = 3280.84*km_to_roads

. foreach b in $blist {
  2.         replace rbin = `b' if ft_to_roads < `b'
  3. }
(50,052 real changes made)
(23,971 real changes made)

. 
. foreach b in $blist {
  2.     * main effect in and out of PGE by road bin
.         gen _RB_bin_`b' = rbin == `b'
  3.         label var _RB_bin_`b' "Hwy `b'ft"
  4. 
.     * explosion period by road bin
.         gen _RB_exp_`b' = period == "PostExp" & rbin == `b'
  5.         label var _RB_exp_`b' "PostExp- hwy `b'ft"
  6. 
.     * letter period by road bin
.         gen _RB_let_`b' = period == "PostLetter" & rbin == `b'
  7.         label var _RB_let_`b' "PostLetter-hwy `b'ft"
  8.         
. }

. 
. 
. 
end of do-file

.  
. * For flexible time trends, split pre-period into bubble and crash
.         gen trendsegs = 0

.         replace trendsegs = 1 if period == "PostExp"
(28,800 real changes made)

.         replace trendsegs = 2 if period == "PostLetter" 
(52,204 real changes made)

. 
. * Tract FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract mo_post_exp ) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 35 singleton observations)
(converged in 6 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    145,091
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  33,   1796) =     720.09
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9222
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9212
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6162
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,797    Root MSE        =     0.2227

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,797 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0128755   .0071937    -1.79   0.074    -.0269844    .0012334
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0152244   .0038283    -3.98   0.000    -.0227329    -.007716
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0008038   .0039023     0.21   0.837    -.0068497    .0084574
  _T1k_let_2000 |   .0002673   .0038032     0.07   0.944    -.0071919    .0077265
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0383985   .0052271    -7.35   0.000    -.0486503   -.0281466
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0020234   .0044145    -0.46   0.647    -.0106815    .0066348
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0046739   .0044971     1.04   0.299    -.0041463    .0134941
         lnsqft |   .6159073   .0087825    70.13   0.000     .5986823    .6331323
     _Xrbaths_0 |   .0699087   .0242113     2.89   0.004     .0224233     .117394
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0560507   .0171605    -3.27   0.001    -.0897073   -.0223942
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0095241   .0165658    -0.57   0.565    -.0420144    .0229661
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.0000874   .0162337    -0.01   0.996    -.0319263    .0317514
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.0001525   .0154697    -0.01   0.992     -.030493     .030188
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |  -.0512543   .0133866    -3.83   0.000    -.0775091   -.0249994
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.1044518   .0132753    -7.87   0.000    -.1304885   -.0784151
   _Xbedrooms_2 |  -.0130241   .0073885    -1.76   0.078    -.0275151    .0014669
   _Xbedrooms_3 |    .030102   .0052161     5.77   0.000     .0198717    .0403323
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0208549   .0040107     5.20   0.000     .0129887    .0287211
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0714416   .0041468    17.23   0.000     .0633085    .0795747
       _Xgarage |   .0475616   .0054752     8.69   0.000     .0368231       .0583
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0745635    .006998   -10.65   0.000    -.0882885   -.0608384
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.1641266   .0082465   -19.90   0.000    -.1803004   -.1479529
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.2197811   .0093025   -23.63   0.000     -.238026   -.2015362
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.2146223   .0092033   -23.32   0.000    -.2326726    -.196572
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.2204395   .0109658   -20.10   0.000    -.2419466   -.1989324
  _Duse_code__1 |   .2895729   .0363846     7.96   0.000     .2182122    .3609335
  _Duse_code__2 |  -.0819178   .0377759    -2.17   0.030     -.156007   -.0078285
  _Duse_code__3 |   .1369862   .0339381     4.04   0.000     .0704239    .2035486
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .1342939   .0651375     2.06   0.039     .0065407    .2620471
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0736707   .0653307     1.13   0.260    -.0544615    .2018028
 distress_cat_6 |  -.0035685   .0650367    -0.05   0.956    -.1311241    .1239872
 distress_cat_7 |  -.0213636   .0673966    -0.32   0.751    -.1535476    .1108204
 distress_cat_8 |   .0243843   .0650688     0.37   0.708    -.1032343    .1520028
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
------------------------------------------------------------------+
    Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
----------------+-------------------------------------------------|
   census_tract |            0            1797           1797 *   | 
    mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est1 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_Tr, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_Tr.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-bin FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k_exp* _T1k_let* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract#bin1k mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 178 singleton observations)
(converged in 6 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    144,948
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  31,   1793) =     750.40
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9273
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9251
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.5872
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,794    Root MSE        =     0.2170

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,794 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0017712   .0038581     0.46   0.646    -.0057955     .009338
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0014963   .0043031    -0.35   0.728    -.0099359    .0069432
       _T1k_let |  -.0116154   .0070786    -1.64   0.101    -.0254985    .0022677
  _T1k_let_2000 |   .0005317   .0037712     0.14   0.888    -.0068647     .007928
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0047343   .0044066     1.07   0.283    -.0039083    .0133768
         lnsqft |   .5971707   .0088029    67.84   0.000     .5799056    .6144357
     _Xrbaths_0 |   .0724341   .0246667     2.94   0.003     .0240556    .1208127
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0569684   .0177545    -3.21   0.001      -.09179   -.0221468
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0128895    .017122    -0.75   0.452    -.0464707    .0206917
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.0017719   .0168457    -0.11   0.916    -.0348111    .0312673
     _Xrbaths_4 |   .0002112   .0159692     0.01   0.989    -.0311089    .0315313
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |  -.0558858   .0135337    -4.13   0.000    -.0824293   -.0293423
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.1156369   .0131731    -8.78   0.000    -.1414732   -.0898006
   _Xbedrooms_2 |  -.0167039   .0071686    -2.33   0.020    -.0307636   -.0026441
   _Xbedrooms_3 |    .025026   .0051103     4.90   0.000     .0150032    .0350488
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0184137   .0039046     4.72   0.000     .0107558    .0260717
   _Xbedrooms_5 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0674901    .003934    17.16   0.000     .0597744    .0752058
       _Xgarage |   .0468041   .0052593     8.90   0.000      .036489    .0571191
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |   -.074583   .0066432   -11.23   0.000    -.0876121   -.0615538
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.1595267     .00792   -20.14   0.000    -.1750601   -.1439934
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.2135573   .0089711   -23.81   0.000    -.2311522   -.1959624
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.2119711   .0089751   -23.62   0.000    -.2295739   -.1943683
   _Dage_bin_50 |   -.216471   .0108255   -20.00   0.000    -.2377029   -.1952392
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3676533    .009055    40.60   0.000     .3498938    .3854127
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |   .2295304   .0148768    15.43   0.000     .2003527    .2587081
  _Duse_code__4 |   .0870268    .038047     2.29   0.022     .0124057    .1616478
 distress_cat_1 |   .1170025   .0655191     1.79   0.074    -.0114993    .2455044
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0617367   .0656223     0.94   0.347    -.0669675    .1904408
 distress_cat_6 |  -.0159999   .0654283    -0.24   0.807    -.1443236    .1123239
 distress_cat_7 |  -.0369245   .0677412    -0.55   0.586    -.1697845    .0959355
 distress_cat_8 |    .008889   .0654657     0.14   0.892     -.119508    .1372861
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
---------------------------------------------------------------------+
       Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#bin1k |            0            4114           4114 *   | 
       mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
---------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est2 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Dist" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Dist"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrDist, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_TrDist.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-period FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(census_tract#trendsegs mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 197 singleton observations)
(converged in 8 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    144,929
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  32,   1772) =     738.35
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9258
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9230
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6216
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,773    Root MSE        =     0.2200

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,773 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0155598   .0038474    -4.04   0.000    -.0231057    -.008014
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0013355   .0043638     0.31   0.760    -.0072232    .0098942
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0008965   .0039439    -0.23   0.820    -.0086316    .0068386
  _T1k_bin_1000 |   -.037999   .0052099    -7.29   0.000    -.0482172   -.0277809
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0007663   .0051727    -0.15   0.882    -.0109116     .009379
  _T1k_let_1000 |    .001663   .0046696     0.36   0.722    -.0074955    .0108216
         lnsqft |   .6160052   .0088316    69.75   0.000     .5986837    .6333266
     _Xrbaths_0 |   .0643082   .0244058     2.63   0.008     .0164411    .1121754
     _Xrbaths_1 |   -.059802   .0169416    -3.53   0.000    -.0930296   -.0265743
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0116231   .0163538    -0.71   0.477    -.0436978    .0204516
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.0025251   .0160191    -0.16   0.875    -.0339434    .0288933
     _Xrbaths_4 |   -.001675   .0151735    -0.11   0.912    -.0314349    .0280848
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.0532386   .0171765    -3.10   0.002     -.086927   -.0195503
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0387624   .0137112     2.83   0.005     .0118705    .0656542
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0820969   .0132497     6.20   0.000     .0561103    .1080836
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0727835   .0132596     5.49   0.000     .0467774    .0987896
   _Xbedrooms_5 |   .0509946   .0137228     3.72   0.000     .0240801    .0779092
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0710354   .0041213    17.24   0.000     .0629522    .0791185
       _Xgarage |   .0486337   .0055065     8.83   0.000     .0378338    .0594336
    _Dage_bin_0 |   .2159891     .00925    23.35   0.000     .1978471    .2341311
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .1404116   .0071986    19.51   0.000      .126293    .1545302
   _Dage_bin_20 |   .0510385   .0066024     7.73   0.000     .0380891    .0639879
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0048101   .0057122    -0.84   0.400    -.0160134    .0063931
   _Dage_bin_40 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.0045292   .0056404    -0.80   0.422    -.0155917    .0065333
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3717204    .009516    39.06   0.000     .3530568    .3903841
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |   .2153979   .0153363    14.04   0.000     .1853188     .245477
  _Duse_code__4 |   .0856452   .0377565     2.27   0.023     .0115932    .1596972
 distress_cat_1 |    .149533   .0191031     7.83   0.000     .1120661    .1869999
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0859298   .0199996     4.30   0.000     .0467045    .1251551
 distress_cat_6 |   .0137368   .0188115     0.73   0.465    -.0231584    .0506319
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |   .0403358   .0189457     2.13   0.033     .0031775     .077494
 distress_cat_9 |   .0208162   .0669903     0.31   0.756     -.110572    .1522044
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
           Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-----------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#trendsegs |            0            5128           5128 *   | 
           mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est3 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Per" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Per"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrPer, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_TrPer.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-period trends FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(i.census_tract#i.trendsegs##c.sr_date_transfer mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 197 singleton observations)
(converged in 16 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    144,929
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  32,   1772) =     697.54
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9293
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9239
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6247
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,773    Root MSE        =     0.2188

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,773 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0156119   .0039285    -3.97   0.000    -.0233168    -.007907
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0013095    .004555     0.29   0.774    -.0076242    .0102432
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0007813   .0040484    -0.19   0.847    -.0087215    .0071589
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0382282   .0053394    -7.16   0.000    -.0487003   -.0277561
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0010355   .0053883    -0.19   0.848    -.0116036    .0095326
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0029437   .0048446     0.61   0.544    -.0065581    .0124455
         lnsqft |   .6149638   .0091307    67.35   0.000     .5970557    .6328719
     _Xrbaths_0 |   .0590033   .0248837     2.37   0.018     .0101987    .1078079
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0641665   .0171935    -3.73   0.000    -.0978882   -.0304449
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0151367   .0165875    -0.91   0.362    -.0476698    .0173965
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.0051182   .0162168    -0.32   0.752    -.0369243    .0266879
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.0038949   .0154451    -0.25   0.801    -.0341874    .0263976
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |   .0532681   .0180054     2.96   0.003     .0179541    .0885821
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0928342   .0102536     9.05   0.000     .0727237    .1129447
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .1359849   .0119092    11.42   0.000     .1126274    .1593424
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .1261912   .0128061     9.85   0.000     .1010745    .1513079
   _Xbedrooms_5 |   .1046597   .0138341     7.57   0.000     .0775267    .1317926
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0723186   .0042176    17.15   0.000     .0640466    .0805907
       _Xgarage |   .0493308   .0056721     8.70   0.000     .0382061    .0604555
    _Dage_bin_0 |   .2158281   .0095069    22.70   0.000     .1971822    .2344741
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .1404185   .0074237    18.91   0.000     .1258583    .1549787
   _Dage_bin_20 |   .0508656   .0068157     7.46   0.000      .037498    .0642332
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0051668   .0058951    -0.88   0.381    -.0167289    .0063954
   _Dage_bin_40 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.0044563   .0058242    -0.77   0.444    -.0158793    .0069667
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3725954   .0097955    38.04   0.000     .3533834    .3918074
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |   .2158688   .0158784    13.60   0.000     .1847263    .2470112
  _Duse_code__4 |   .0956968   .0389647     2.46   0.014     .0192751    .1721184
 distress_cat_1 |    .128814   .0654986     1.97   0.049     .0003513    .2572766
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0638626   .0657308     0.97   0.331    -.0650555    .1927807
 distress_cat_6 |  -.0049304   .0654267    -0.08   0.940     -.133252    .1233912
 distress_cat_7 |   -.020223    .067799    -0.30   0.766    -.1531974    .1127515
 distress_cat_8 |   .0205277   .0654135     0.31   0.754     -.107768    .1488234
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
                               Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
                    census_tract#trendsegs |            0            5128           5128 *   | 
 census_tract#trendsegs#c.sr_date_transfer |         5127            5128              1 ?   | 
                               mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
? = number of redundant parameters may be higher
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est4 stored)

. estadd local tfes "\shortstack{Tr-Per \\ Trends}" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "\shortstack{Tr-Per \ Trends}"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrPerTrends, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_TrPerTrends.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-quarter FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract#qtr_post_exp mo_post_exp ) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 1914 singleton observations)
(converged in 7 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    143,212
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  33,   1747) =     678.37
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9335
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9241
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.6271
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,748    Root MSE        =     0.2182

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,748 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0148374   .0075717    -1.96   0.050     -.029688    .0000131
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0158912   .0039727    -4.00   0.000     -.023683   -.0080994
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0013747   .0045797     0.30   0.764    -.0076075    .0103569
  _T1k_let_2000 |   .0009826   .0041523     0.24   0.813    -.0071613    .0091265
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0377412   .0054152    -6.97   0.000    -.0483622   -.0271203
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0017329   .0053166    -0.33   0.745    -.0121604    .0086945
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0040531   .0049466     0.82   0.413    -.0056488     .013755
         lnsqft |   .6188161   .0092122    67.17   0.000      .600748    .6368842
     _Xrbaths_0 |   .0559531   .0249693     2.24   0.025     .0069803    .1049259
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0611226    .017248    -3.54   0.000    -.0949515   -.0272937
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0126019   .0166674    -0.76   0.450     -.045292    .0200883
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.0043426   .0163094    -0.27   0.790    -.0363306    .0276455
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.0014951   .0155298    -0.10   0.923    -.0319542    .0289639
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |   .0545482   .0184452     2.96   0.003     .0183712    .0907251
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0937075   .0103119     9.09   0.000     .0734825    .1139325
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .1374993   .0119619    11.49   0.000     .1140381    .1609604
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .1268051   .0128692     9.85   0.000     .1015644    .1520459
   _Xbedrooms_5 |   .1056727   .0139117     7.60   0.000     .0783873    .1329581
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0721975   .0042328    17.06   0.000     .0638957    .0804993
       _Xgarage |   .0500593   .0057237     8.75   0.000     .0388332    .0612854
    _Dage_bin_0 |   .2176194   .0095926    22.69   0.000     .1988053    .2364335
   _Dage_bin_10 |   .1412923   .0075218    18.78   0.000     .1265396     .156045
   _Dage_bin_20 |   .0521927   .0068583     7.61   0.000     .0387414    .0656441
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.0053494   .0059582    -0.90   0.369    -.0170353    .0063365
   _Dage_bin_40 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.0055729   .0059235    -0.94   0.347    -.0171909     .006045
  _Duse_code__1 |   .3725618   .0098398    37.86   0.000     .3532628    .3918609
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |   .2207004   .0159547    13.83   0.000     .1894081    .2519928
  _Duse_code__4 |   .1080097   .0385637     2.80   0.005     .0323737    .1836456
 distress_cat_1 |   .1449164   .0678883     2.13   0.033     .0117657    .2780672
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0824519   .0680438     1.21   0.226    -.0510039    .2159078
 distress_cat_6 |   .0121529   .0677956     0.18   0.858    -.1208161    .1451219
 distress_cat_7 |  -.0024069   .0701987    -0.03   0.973    -.1400891    .1352754
 distress_cat_8 |   .0372244   .0677894     0.55   0.583    -.0957324    .1701812
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
              Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#qtr_post_exp |            0           17731          17731 *   | 
              mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est5 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Q" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Q"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrQtr, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_TrQtr.ster saved

. 
. esttab, keep(_T*) label se starlevels(* 0.10 ** 0.05 *** 0.01)  ///
>         stats(pfes tfes N r2,  ///
>         labels("Property FE" "Other FE" "Observations" "R-Squared")) ///
>         b(a3) nonotes title("$fname") nomtitles

pdd_PGE_xs_1k
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (1)             (2)             (3)             (4)             (5)   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SanBruno                        0               0               0               0               0   
                              (.)             (.)             (.)             (.)             (.)   

Letter                    -0.0129*        -0.0116               0               0         -0.0148*  
                        (0.00719)       (0.00708)             (.)             (.)       (0.00757)   

2000ft                    -0.0152***                      -0.0156***      -0.0156***      -0.0159***
                        (0.00383)                       (0.00385)       (0.00393)       (0.00397)   

PostExp-2000ft           0.000804         0.00177         0.00134         0.00131         0.00137   
                        (0.00390)       (0.00386)       (0.00436)       (0.00455)       (0.00458)   

PostLetter-2000ft        0.000267        0.000532       -0.000897       -0.000781        0.000983   
                        (0.00380)       (0.00377)       (0.00394)       (0.00405)       (0.00415)   

1000ft                    -0.0384***                      -0.0380***      -0.0382***      -0.0377***
                        (0.00523)                       (0.00521)       (0.00534)       (0.00542)   

PostExp-1000ft           -0.00202        -0.00150       -0.000766        -0.00104        -0.00173   
                        (0.00441)       (0.00430)       (0.00517)       (0.00539)       (0.00532)   

PostLetter-1000ft         0.00467         0.00473         0.00166         0.00294         0.00405   
                        (0.00450)       (0.00441)       (0.00467)       (0.00484)       (0.00495)   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property FE                                                                                         
Other FE                       Tr         Tr-Dist          Tr-Per    \shortstack{Tr-Per \ Trends}            Tr-Q   
Observations               145091          144948          144929          144929          143212   
R-Squared                   0.922           0.927           0.926           0.929           0.934   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. 
. log close 
      name:  <unnamed>
       log:  /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/DraftFiles/output/logs/pdd_PGE_xs_1k.txt
  log type:  text
 closed on:  13 Nov 2017, 12:37:58
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
