-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      name:  <unnamed>
       log:  /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/DraftFiles/output/logs/pdd_PGE_x
> s_1k_singfam.txt
  log type:  text
 opened on:  13 Nov 2017, 12:29:31

. set linesize 255

. 
. global hedonics "lnsqft _X* _Dage_bin* _Duse*"

.  
. use if insample == 1 & random_id < 1.01 using $ddir/generated_data/dd_regdata, clear

.         replace km_to_ng =  km_to_ng_nodistr
(987,965 real changes made)

.         replace km_to_anyPGEng = km_to_ng_nodistr_pge
(763,505 real changes made)

.         replace ft_to_ng =  ft_to_ng_nodistr
(978,752 real changes made)

.         replace ft_to_anyPGEng = ft_to_ng_nodistr_pge
(759,482 real changes made)

.     keep if gasutility == "PGE"
(2,454,021 observations deleted)

.     keep if ft_to_ng <= 4000
(535,810 observations deleted)

.     drop if period == "Pre"
(779,374 observations deleted)

.         * Keep single family homes only
.         keep if use_code_std == 1
(30,526 observations deleted)

.  
. capture drop _T* PGE

. do $ddir/analysis/pdd_prep_distance_defs.do

. *define this in a separate do file so i can rerun the same code 
. *after dropping distribution lines in other files
. 
. gen PGEpipe = cond(km_to_ng == km_to_anyPGEng,1,0)

. gen PGEterr = (gasutility == "PGE")

. * Note: in current approach, all PGE pipe is in PGE territory, but there are some houses closest to non-PGE pipe
. * That is PGEpipe == 1 => PGEterr == 1 but not the converse
. 
. replace period = "PostCrash" if period == "Pre" & sr_date_transfer > (td(09sept2010) - 450)
(0 real changes made)

. 
. /*NAMING CONVENTION
> _T*_PERIOD_DISTANCE_PGE
> T - DENOTES HOW DISTANCE IS SPECIFIED (IE 2K OR 660 FOOT BINS)
> 
> - SO TO RUN WITH PROPERTY FES, SPECIFY _T*_EXP AND _T*_LET
> ---- FOR CROSS SECTION, ONLY NEED _T*
> */
. 
. *1000 FOOT BIN REG SETUP
. cap drop bin1k 

. cap drop _T1k* 

. global blist 2000 1000

. gen bin1k = 9999

. foreach b in $blist {
  2.         replace bin1k = `b' if ft_to_ng < `b'
  3. }
(65,169 real changes made)
(33,194 real changes made)

. 
. * Period main effect (mostly picked up by month FE?)
. gen _T1k_exp = period == "PostExp"

. label var _T1k_exp "SanBruno"

. gen _T1k_let = period == "PostLetter"

. label var _T1k_let "Letter"

. 
. * Bin-related variables
. foreach b in $blist {
  2.     * main effect in and out of PGE by bin
.         gen _T1k_bin_`b' = bin1k == `b'
  3.         label var _T1k_bin_`b' "`b'ft"
  4. 
.     * explosion period by bin
.         gen _T1k_exp_`b' = period == "PostExp" & bin1k == `b'
  5.         label var _T1k_exp_`b' "PostExp-`b'ft"
  6. 
.     * letter period in and out of PGE by bin
.         gen _T1k_let_`b' = period == "PostLetter" & bin1k == `b'
  7.         label var _T1k_let_`b' "PostLetter-`b'ft"
  8.         
. }

. 
. 
. /* Road bins by period-territory */
. capture drop rbin _RB* 

. global blist 2000 1000

. gen rbin = 9999

. gen ft_to_roads = 3280.84*km_to_roads

. foreach b in $blist {
  2.         replace rbin = `b' if ft_to_roads < `b'
  3. }
(36,425 real changes made)
(16,433 real changes made)

. 
. foreach b in $blist {
  2.     * main effect in and out of PGE by road bin
.         gen _RB_bin_`b' = rbin == `b'
  3.         label var _RB_bin_`b' "Hwy `b'ft"
  4. 
.     * explosion period by road bin
.         gen _RB_exp_`b' = period == "PostExp" & rbin == `b'
  5.         label var _RB_exp_`b' "PostExp- hwy `b'ft"
  6. 
.     * letter period by road bin
.         gen _RB_let_`b' = period == "PostLetter" & rbin == `b'
  7.         label var _RB_let_`b' "PostLetter-hwy `b'ft"
  8.         
. }

. 
. 
. 
end of do-file

.  
. * For flexible time trends, split pre-period into bubble and crash
.         gen trendsegs = 0

.         replace trendsegs = 1 if period == "PostExp"
(22,566 real changes made)

.         replace trendsegs = 2 if period == "PostLetter" 
(40,886 real changes made)

. 
. * Tract FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract mo_post_exp ) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 56 singleton observations)
(converged in 6 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_9 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    114,544
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  30,   1708) =     526.11
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9311
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9300
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.4939
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,709    Root MSE        =     0.2106

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,709 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0111925   .0073463    -1.52   0.128    -.0256012    .0032162
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0140028   .0035726    -3.92   0.000    -.0210099   -.0069957
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0009482   .0039803     0.24   0.812    -.0068586     .008755
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0006007   .0038814    -0.15   0.877    -.0082134    .0070121
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0312492   .0045368    -6.89   0.000    -.0401475    -.022351
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0026646   .0044211    -0.60   0.547    -.0113359    .0060067
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0037166   .0045706     0.81   0.416    -.0052481    .0126812
         lnsqft |   .5940877   .0085534    69.46   0.000     .5773113     .610864
     _Xrbaths_0 |  -.0848748    .029553    -2.87   0.004    -.1428386   -.0269109
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0761248   .0159456    -4.77   0.000    -.1073997   -.0448499
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0418739   .0155291    -2.70   0.007     -.072332   -.0114158
     _Xrbaths_3 |    -.04419   .0153396    -2.88   0.004    -.0742763   -.0141037
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.0219137    .013887    -1.58   0.115     -.049151    .0053237
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |   .0624998   .0166725     3.75   0.000      .029799    .0952006
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0311503   .0144345     2.16   0.031     .0028392    .0594615
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0601678   .0150594     4.00   0.000      .030631    .0897047
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0624535   .0154279     4.05   0.000     .0321938    .0927132
   _Xbedrooms_5 |   .0452442   .0160018     2.83   0.005      .013859    .0766295
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0796485   .0030437    26.17   0.000     .0736787    .0856184
       _Xgarage |   .0464304   .0057302     8.10   0.000     .0351915    .0576694
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0696525   .0073445    -9.48   0.000    -.0840576   -.0552474
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.1482447   .0089722   -16.52   0.000    -.1658424    -.130647
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.1920271   .0098367   -19.52   0.000    -.2113203   -.1727339
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.2042265    .010441   -19.56   0.000    -.2247051    -.183748
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.2310726   .0127384   -18.14   0.000     -.256057   -.2060881
  _Duse_code__1 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .1676124   .0783187     2.14   0.032     .0140018    .3212231
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .1154571   .0782497     1.48   0.140    -.0380182    .2689324
 distress_cat_6 |   .0388404   .0782632     0.50   0.620    -.1146614    .1923422
 distress_cat_7 |   .0668582   .0791732     0.84   0.399    -.0884286    .2221449
 distress_cat_8 |   .0628441   .0783111     0.80   0.422    -.0907517      .21644
 distress_cat_9 |          0  (omitted)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
------------------------------------------------------------------+
    Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
----------------+-------------------------------------------------|
   census_tract |            0            1709           1709 *   | 
    mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est1 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_Tr, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_singfam_Tr.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-bin FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k_exp* _T1k_let* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract#bin1k mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 239 singleton observations)
(converged in 6 iterations)
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    114,361
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  28,   1705) =     543.34
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9353
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9330
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.4722
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,706    Root MSE        =     0.2060

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,706 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |   .0107951   .0073154     1.48   0.140     -.003553    .0251433
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0017322   .0039303     0.44   0.659    -.0059764    .0094409
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0017222   .0043738    -0.39   0.694    -.0103008    .0068563
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0000293   .0038764    -0.01   0.994    -.0076323    .0075738
  _T1k_let_1000 |    .003748   .0045374     0.83   0.409    -.0051514    .0126474
         lnsqft |   .5735054   .0084285    68.04   0.000     .5569742    .5900366
     _Xrbaths_0 |  -.0889918   .0282665    -3.15   0.002    -.1444324   -.0335511
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0803561   .0166774    -4.82   0.000    -.1130663   -.0476458
     _Xrbaths_2 |  -.0468612   .0162077    -2.89   0.004    -.0786503   -.0150721
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.0454997   .0160605    -2.83   0.005        -.077   -.0139994
     _Xrbaths_4 |   -.021467    .014607    -1.47   0.142    -.0501166    .0071827
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |   .0711305   .0164972     4.31   0.000     .0387735    .1034874
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0381443   .0144062     2.65   0.008     .0098887    .0663999
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0663876   .0148822     4.46   0.000     .0371983    .0955768
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0700925   .0151439     4.63   0.000     .0403899    .0997951
   _Xbedrooms_5 |   .0553281   .0156223     3.54   0.000     .0246872    .0859691
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0750256   .0029216    25.68   0.000     .0692953    .0807558
       _Xgarage |   .0460597   .0054019     8.53   0.000     .0354646    .0566549
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0706234     .00721    -9.80   0.000    -.0847648    -.056482
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.1495968   .0090061   -16.61   0.000     -.167261   -.1319326
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.1914469   .0098764   -19.38   0.000    -.2108179   -.1720758
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.2056017   .0103574   -19.85   0.000    -.2259162   -.1852872
   _Dage_bin_50 |   -.230666   .0126829   -18.19   0.000    -.2555417   -.2057904
  _Duse_code__1 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .1006089   .0144416     6.97   0.000     .0722837     .128934
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0539505   .0159417     3.38   0.001     .0226831    .0852178
 distress_cat_6 |  -.0241625   .0141731    -1.70   0.088     -.051961    .0036359
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |  -.0028288   .0143028    -0.20   0.843    -.0308817    .0252242
 distress_cat_9 |  -.0609969   .0804837    -0.76   0.449    -.2188542    .0968604
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
---------------------------------------------------------------------+
       Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#bin1k |            0            3853           3853 *   | 
       mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
---------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est2 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Dist" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Dist"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrDist, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_singfam_TrDist.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-period FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(census_tract#trendsegs mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 280 singleton observations)
(converged in 8 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    114,320
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  29,   1680) =     530.55
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9348
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9319
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.5007
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,681    Root MSE        =     0.2077

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,681 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_bin_2000 |   -.013967    .003505    -3.98   0.000    -.0208415   -.0070924
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0020153   .0044733     0.45   0.652    -.0067585    .0107891
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0026571   .0039874    -0.67   0.505    -.0104779    .0051637
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0301821   .0043644    -6.92   0.000    -.0387423    -.021622
  _T1k_exp_1000 |   -.001188   .0053735    -0.22   0.825    -.0117274    .0093514
  _T1k_let_1000 |  -.0008189   .0047641    -0.17   0.864    -.0101632    .0085254
         lnsqft |   .5938763   .0086096    68.98   0.000     .5769896    .6107629
     _Xrbaths_0 |  -.0945617   .0296692    -3.19   0.001    -.1527542   -.0363692
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0800644   .0158399    -5.05   0.000    -.1111324   -.0489965
     _Xrbaths_2 |   -.043575   .0154176    -2.83   0.005    -.0738148   -.0133352
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.0461145   .0152257    -3.03   0.002    -.0759779   -.0162511
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.0223827   .0136133    -1.64   0.100    -.0490836    .0043182
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_1 |  -.0568107   .0167824    -3.39   0.001    -.0897273    -.023894
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   -.029004   .0094943    -3.05   0.002    -.0476259   -.0103822
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0004491   .0095384     0.05   0.962    -.0182592    .0191575
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0023776   .0100073     0.24   0.812    -.0172505    .0220056
   _Xbedrooms_5 |   -.015318   .0108351    -1.41   0.158    -.0365697    .0059338
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0789637   .0030854    25.59   0.000      .072912    .0850154
       _Xgarage |   .0473451   .0058237     8.13   0.000     .0359227    .0587675
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0713641   .0075044    -9.51   0.000    -.0860831   -.0566451
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.1498324   .0091019   -16.46   0.000    -.1676847   -.1319802
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.1932243   .0099539   -19.41   0.000    -.2127477   -.1737009
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.2058907   .0105238   -19.56   0.000    -.2265319   -.1852494
   _Dage_bin_50 |   -.231644   .0129087   -17.94   0.000    -.2569628   -.2063252
  _Duse_code__1 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .0971499   .0142562     6.81   0.000     .0691881    .1251117
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0393956    .015586     2.53   0.012     .0088256    .0699656
 distress_cat_6 |  -.0297135    .013982    -2.13   0.034    -.0571374   -.0022896
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |  -.0067146   .0140999    -0.48   0.634    -.0343698    .0209405
 distress_cat_9 |    -.06659    .078942    -0.84   0.399    -.2214251    .0882451
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
           Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-----------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#trendsegs |            0            4775           4775 *   | 
           mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est3 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Per" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Per"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrPer, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_singfam_TrPer.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-period trends FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb(i.census_tract#i.trendsegs##c.sr_date_transfer mo_post_exp) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 280 singleton observations)
(converged in 17 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _T1k_let omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    114,320
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  29,   1680) =     495.91
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9386
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9329
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.5040
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,681    Root MSE        =     0.2061

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,681 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |          0  (omitted)
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0137494   .0035966    -3.82   0.000    -.0208037   -.0066952
  _T1k_exp_2000 |    .001245   .0046869     0.27   0.791    -.0079478    .0104379
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0024204   .0041263    -0.59   0.558    -.0105137    .0056729
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0300269   .0045041    -6.67   0.000    -.0388612   -.0211926
  _T1k_exp_1000 |   -.001175   .0056168    -0.21   0.834    -.0121916    .0098416
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0005129   .0049835     0.10   0.918    -.0092616    .0102874
         lnsqft |    .593816   .0089593    66.28   0.000     .5762435    .6113885
     _Xrbaths_0 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_1 |   .0087372   .0265597     0.33   0.742    -.0433565    .0608309
     _Xrbaths_2 |   .0461203   .0265747     1.74   0.083    -.0060027    .0982434
     _Xrbaths_3 |   .0437412   .0266349     1.64   0.101    -.0084997    .0959822
     _Xrbaths_4 |   .0675816   .0272277     2.48   0.013     .0141779    .1209854
     _Xrbaths_5 |   .0894525   .0309832     2.89   0.004     .0286827    .1502224
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_1 |   -.054511   .0173899    -3.13   0.002    -.0886191   -.0204029
   _Xbedrooms_2 |  -.0271385   .0100603    -2.70   0.007    -.0468705   -.0074065
   _Xbedrooms_3 |    .002239   .0100906     0.22   0.824    -.0175526    .0220306
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0035763    .010584     0.34   0.735     -.017183    .0243355
   _Xbedrooms_5 |  -.0135718   .0113852    -1.19   0.233    -.0359025    .0087589
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0801298   .0031754    25.23   0.000     .0739016    .0863581
       _Xgarage |   .0480591   .0060943     7.89   0.000     .0361059    .0600123
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0705045   .0078237    -9.01   0.000    -.0858497   -.0551593
   _Dage_bin_20 |   -.150011   .0094587   -15.86   0.000     -.168563   -.1314589
   _Dage_bin_30 |  -.1938614    .010335   -18.76   0.000    -.2141323   -.1735905
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.2062511   .0109149   -18.90   0.000    -.2276592   -.1848429
   _Dage_bin_50 |  -.2316907   .0134197   -17.27   0.000    -.2580118   -.2053697
  _Duse_code__1 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .0943485    .014814     6.37   0.000     .0652926    .1234044
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0346149   .0162761     2.13   0.034     .0026914    .0665384
 distress_cat_6 |  -.0299928   .0145336    -2.06   0.039    -.0584986    -.001487
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |  -.0085686   .0146721    -0.58   0.559     -.037346    .0202089
 distress_cat_9 |  -.0725074   .0798581    -0.91   0.364    -.2291392    .0841245
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
                               Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
-------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
                    census_tract#trendsegs |            0            4775           4775 *   | 
 census_tract#trendsegs#c.sr_date_transfer |         4772            4775              3 ?   | 
                               mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
? = number of redundant parameters may be higher
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est4 stored)

. estadd local tfes "\shortstack{Tr-Per \\ Trends}" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "\shortstack{Tr-Per \ Trends}"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrPerTrends, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_singfam_TrPerTrends.ster saved

. 
. * Tract-quarter FE
. eststo: reghdfe lnprice _T1k* $hedonics distress_cat_* , ///
> absorb( census_tract#qtr_post_exp mo_post_exp ) vce(cluster census_tract) poolsize(50) fast
(dropped 2433 singleton observations)
(converged in 7 iterations)
note: _T1k_exp omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_5 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_106 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_113 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_139 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_145 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_149 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_151 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_152 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_158 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_159 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_175 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_179 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_187 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_194 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_197 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_205 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_211 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_214 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_219 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_225 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_232 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_250 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_256 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_276 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_358 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_422 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_544 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_620 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xrbaths_930 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_6 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_7 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_8 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_9 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_10 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_11 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_12 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_13 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_14 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_15 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_16 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_17 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_18 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_19 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_20 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_21 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_22 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_23 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_24 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_25 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_26 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_27 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_28 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_29 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_30 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_31 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_32 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_33 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_34 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_35 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_36 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_37 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_38 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_39 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_40 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_41 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_42 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_43 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_44 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_45 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_46 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_47 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_48 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_49 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_50 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_51 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_52 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_53 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_54 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_55 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_56 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_57 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_58 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_59 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_60 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_61 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_62 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_63 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_64 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_65 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_66 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_67 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_68 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_69 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_70 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_71 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_72 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_73 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_74 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_75 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_76 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_77 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_78 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_79 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_80 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_81 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_82 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_83 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_84 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_85 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_86 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_87 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_88 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_89 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_90 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_91 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_92 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_93 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_94 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_95 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_96 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_97 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_98 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_99 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_100 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_101 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_102 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_103 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_104 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_105 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_107 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_108 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_109 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_110 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_111 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_112 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_114 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_115 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_116 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_117 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_118 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_119 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_120 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_121 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_124 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_126 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_127 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_128 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_130 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_132 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_133 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_134 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_135 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_136 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_137 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_138 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_140 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_143 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_144 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_146 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_147 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_148 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_150 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_153 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_154 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_156 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_160 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_162 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_164 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_165 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_166 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_167 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_168 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_169 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_170 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_171 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_172 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_176 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_177 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_178 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_180 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_184 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_186 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_188 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_190 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_192 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_198 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_199 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_200 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_201 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_203 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_204 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_206 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_208 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_209 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_210 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_212 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_216 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_217 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_220 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_222 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_224 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_226 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_228 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_230 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_231 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_235 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_236 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_240 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_242 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_245 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_247 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_248 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_270 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_271 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_272 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_277 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_279 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_333 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_342 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_400 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_414 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_426 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_437 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_459 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_502 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_505 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_567 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_572 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_588 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_752 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_846 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_891 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_931 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_975 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Xbedrooms_1274 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Dage_bin_0 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__1 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__2 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__3 omitted because of collinearity
note: _Duse_code__4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_2 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_3 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_4 omitted because of collinearity
note: distress_cat_7 omitted because of collinearity

HDFE Linear regression                            Number of obs   =    112,167
Absorbing 2 HDFE groups                           F(  30,   1635) =     483.67
Statistics robust to heteroskedasticity           Prob > F        =     0.0000
                                                  R-squared       =     0.9424
                                                  Adj R-squared   =     0.9330
                                                  Within R-sq.    =     0.5084
Number of clusters (census_tract) =      1,636    Root MSE        =     0.2053

                          (Std. Err. adjusted for 1,636 clusters in census_tract)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                |               Robust
        lnprice |      Coef.   Std. Err.      t    P>|t|     [95% Conf. Interval]
----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
       _T1k_exp |          0  (omitted)
       _T1k_let |  -.0138697   .0080073    -1.73   0.083    -.0295754    .0018359
  _T1k_bin_2000 |  -.0134381   .0036144    -3.72   0.000    -.0205275   -.0063487
  _T1k_exp_2000 |   .0012198    .004685     0.26   0.795    -.0079695    .0104091
  _T1k_let_2000 |  -.0015329   .0042332    -0.36   0.717     -.009836    .0067703
  _T1k_bin_1000 |  -.0298759   .0045502    -6.57   0.000    -.0388008    -.020951
  _T1k_exp_1000 |  -.0002365   .0055174    -0.04   0.966    -.0110583    .0105853
  _T1k_let_1000 |   .0011047   .0050808     0.22   0.828    -.0088609    .0110703
         lnsqft |   .5978597   .0088947    67.21   0.000     .5804134     .615306
     _Xrbaths_0 |  -.0950342   .0316357    -3.00   0.003    -.1570851   -.0329834
     _Xrbaths_1 |  -.0797648   .0163448    -4.88   0.000    -.1118237   -.0477059
     _Xrbaths_2 |   -.044191    .015859    -2.79   0.005    -.0752971   -.0130848
     _Xrbaths_3 |  -.0476459   .0156017    -3.05   0.002    -.0782473   -.0170446
     _Xrbaths_4 |  -.0233082   .0139796    -1.67   0.096    -.0507279    .0041116
     _Xrbaths_5 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_6 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_7 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_8 |          0  (omitted)
     _Xrbaths_9 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_10 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_11 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_12 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_13 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_14 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_15 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_16 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_17 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_18 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_19 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_20 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_21 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_22 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_23 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_24 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_25 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_26 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_27 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_28 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_29 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_30 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_31 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_32 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_33 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_34 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_35 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_36 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_37 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_38 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_39 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_40 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_41 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_42 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_43 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_44 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_45 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_46 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_47 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_48 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_49 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_50 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_51 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_52 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_53 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_54 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_55 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_56 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_57 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_58 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_59 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_60 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_61 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_62 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_63 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_64 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_65 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_66 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_67 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_68 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_69 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_70 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_71 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_72 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_73 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_74 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_75 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_76 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_77 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_78 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_79 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_80 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_81 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_82 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_83 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_84 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_85 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_86 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_87 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_88 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_89 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_90 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_91 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_92 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_93 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_94 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_95 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_96 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_97 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_98 |          0  (omitted)
    _Xrbaths_99 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_100 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_102 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_103 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_104 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_106 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_107 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_108 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_110 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_112 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_113 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_114 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_115 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_116 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_118 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_119 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_120 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_124 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_127 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_128 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_130 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_132 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_133 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_136 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_137 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_138 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_139 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_140 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_144 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_145 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_146 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_149 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_151 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_152 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_154 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_156 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_158 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_159 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_160 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_162 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_164 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_168 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_172 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_175 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_178 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_179 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_184 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_187 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_190 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_192 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_194 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_197 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_198 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_200 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_203 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_204 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_205 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_208 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_211 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_212 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_214 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_219 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_220 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_224 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_225 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_232 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_250 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_256 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_276 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_277 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_279 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_358 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_400 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_422 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_426 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_544 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_620 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xrbaths_930 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_0 |   .0533869    .018386     2.90   0.004     .0173244    .0894495
   _Xbedrooms_1 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_2 |   .0249802   .0156563     1.60   0.111    -.0057283    .0556887
   _Xbedrooms_3 |   .0561061   .0163347     3.43   0.001     .0240669    .0881452
   _Xbedrooms_4 |   .0563483   .0167019     3.37   0.001      .023589    .0891076
   _Xbedrooms_5 |   .0393631   .0173016     2.28   0.023     .0054275    .0732987
   _Xbedrooms_6 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_7 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_8 |          0  (omitted)
   _Xbedrooms_9 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_10 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_11 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_12 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_13 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_14 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_15 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_16 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_17 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_18 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_19 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_20 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_21 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_22 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_23 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_24 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_25 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_26 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_27 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_28 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_29 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_30 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_31 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_32 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_33 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_34 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_35 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_36 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_37 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_38 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_39 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_40 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_41 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_42 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_43 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_44 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_45 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_46 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_47 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_48 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_49 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_50 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_51 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_52 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_53 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_54 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_55 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_56 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_57 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_58 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_59 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_60 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_61 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_62 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_63 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_64 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_65 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_66 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_67 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_68 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_69 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_70 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_71 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_72 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_73 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_74 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_75 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_76 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_77 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_78 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_79 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_80 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_81 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_82 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_83 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_84 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_85 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_86 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_87 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_88 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_89 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_90 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_91 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_92 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_93 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_94 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_95 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_96 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_97 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_98 |          0  (omitted)
  _Xbedrooms_99 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_100 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_101 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_102 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_103 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_104 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_105 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_107 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_108 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_109 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_110 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_111 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_112 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_114 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_115 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_116 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_117 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_118 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_119 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_120 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_121 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_124 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_126 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_127 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_128 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_130 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_132 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_133 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_134 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_135 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_136 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_137 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_138 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_140 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_143 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_144 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_146 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_147 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_148 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_150 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_153 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_154 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_156 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_160 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_162 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_164 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_165 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_166 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_167 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_168 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_169 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_170 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_171 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_172 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_176 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_177 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_178 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_180 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_184 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_186 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_188 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_190 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_192 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_198 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_199 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_200 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_201 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_203 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_204 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_206 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_208 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_209 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_210 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_212 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_216 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_217 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_220 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_222 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_224 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_226 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_228 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_230 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_231 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_235 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_236 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_240 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_242 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_245 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_247 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_248 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_270 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_271 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_272 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_277 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_279 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_333 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_342 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_400 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_414 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_426 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_437 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_459 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_502 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_505 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_567 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_572 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_588 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_752 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_846 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_891 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_931 |          0  (omitted)
 _Xbedrooms_975 |          0  (omitted)
_Xbedrooms_1274 |          0  (omitted)
         _Xpool |   .0795076   .0031879    24.94   0.000     .0732547    .0857604
       _Xgarage |   .0486175   .0061803     7.87   0.000     .0364953    .0607396
    _Dage_bin_0 |          0  (omitted)
   _Dage_bin_10 |  -.0709586   .0078438    -9.05   0.000    -.0863435   -.0555736
   _Dage_bin_20 |  -.1502811   .0095392   -15.75   0.000    -.1689914   -.1315708
   _Dage_bin_30 |   -.196468   .0103857   -18.92   0.000    -.2168386   -.1760974
   _Dage_bin_40 |  -.2095753   .0110151   -19.03   0.000    -.2311804   -.1879702
   _Dage_bin_50 |   -.236352   .0136763   -17.28   0.000    -.2631768   -.2095271
  _Duse_code__1 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__2 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__3 |          0  (omitted)
  _Duse_code__4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_1 |   .0941575   .0153278     6.14   0.000     .0640934    .1242216
 distress_cat_2 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_3 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_4 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_5 |   .0347983   .0167303     2.08   0.038     .0019832    .0676135
 distress_cat_6 |  -.0288788   .0149693    -1.93   0.054    -.0582397    .0004822
 distress_cat_7 |          0  (omitted)
 distress_cat_8 |  -.0081669   .0151716    -0.54   0.590    -.0379247     .021591
 distress_cat_9 |  -.0869916   .0873508    -1.00   0.319    -.2583228    .0843397
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Absorbed degrees of freedom:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
              Absorbed FE |  Num. Coefs.  =   Categories  -   Redundant     | 
--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------|
census_tract#qtr_post_exp |            0           15631          15631 *   | 
              mo_post_exp |           35              36              1     | 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* = fixed effect nested within cluster; treated as redundant for DoF computation
(est5 stored)

. estadd local tfes "Tr-Q" , replace

added macro:
               e(tfes) : "Tr-Q"

. estimates save /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/${fname}_TrQtr, replace
file /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/analysis/output/cross_section/estimates/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_singfam_TrQtr.ster saved

. 
. esttab, keep(_T*) label se starlevels(* 0.10 ** 0.05 *** 0.01)  ///
>         stats(pfes tfes N r2,  ///
>         labels("Property FE" "Other FE" "Observations" "R-Squared")) ///
>         b(a3) nonotes title("$fname") nomtitles

pdd_PGE_xs_1k_singfam
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (1)             (2)             (3)             (4)             (5)   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SanBruno                        0          0.0108               0               0               0   
                              (.)       (0.00732)             (.)             (.)             (.)   

Letter                    -0.0112               0               0               0         -0.0139*  
                        (0.00735)             (.)             (.)             (.)       (0.00801)   

2000ft                    -0.0140***                      -0.0140***      -0.0137***      -0.0134***
                        (0.00357)                       (0.00350)       (0.00360)       (0.00361)   

PostExp-2000ft           0.000948         0.00173         0.00202         0.00125         0.00122   
                        (0.00398)       (0.00393)       (0.00447)       (0.00469)       (0.00469)   

PostLetter-2000ft       -0.000601      -0.0000293        -0.00266        -0.00242        -0.00153   
                        (0.00388)       (0.00388)       (0.00399)       (0.00413)       (0.00423)   

1000ft                    -0.0312***                      -0.0302***      -0.0300***      -0.0299***
                        (0.00454)                       (0.00436)       (0.00450)       (0.00455)   

PostExp-1000ft           -0.00266        -0.00172        -0.00119        -0.00117       -0.000236   
                        (0.00442)       (0.00437)       (0.00537)       (0.00562)       (0.00552)   

PostLetter-1000ft         0.00372         0.00375       -0.000819        0.000513         0.00110   
                        (0.00457)       (0.00454)       (0.00476)       (0.00498)       (0.00508)   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property FE                                                                                         
Other FE                       Tr         Tr-Dist          Tr-Per    \shortstack{Tr-Per \ Trends}            Tr-Q   
Observations               114544          114361          114320          114320          112167   
R-Squared                   0.931           0.935           0.935           0.939           0.942   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. 
. log close 
      name:  <unnamed>
       log:  /home/sweeneri/Projects/Pipelines/DraftFiles/output/logs/pdd_PGE_xs_1k_singfam.txt
  log type:  text
 closed on:  13 Nov 2017, 12:38:31
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
